It's chaotic because again, it's completely my mistake. No, no, you sent me the invite long ago, so I should have checked. I just didn't notice. No, no, I even joined today. Then I didn't even realize that this is going to be 6 o'clock, actually. Sorry. So I had seen your invite. I knew we had a call. Okay. And then all of a sudden, I saw the notification that somebody started a call. What was that supposed to be right now? And then that's when I realized it. It's not automatic for me. Once I go to it, it's tough for me to do any rage calls. I see. Okay. So a lot of my talking happened earlier in the morning. Okay. And I'm also dropping my kids to school, so it's chaos. Oh, no, I mean, it's multitasking all at the same time. Hard times, yeah. Yeah. How are you doing? Great, actually, picking up and moving and exploring. Going good, actually. And yeah, this month has been a little better for me. So I had this semester holiday this month. Otherwise, I also had two things going on. I had to do some MTE related stuff as well, so far the last end of last month. So now it's just when the semester holidays. What do you mean? So I'm doing the MTE, right? So it's like a sort of online MTEC where I spend most of my weekends and then a few hours on weekdays as well, a couple of days in the weekdays in the evening. I wasn't. Okay, okay. So actually, if you don't mind, I wanted to chat with you. I don't know, I had so many things to say. I just wanted to connect, get to know each other. More than anything else. So. True, yeah, absolutely. And you would want to learn about my background. Absolutely, yeah, your mind and understand what you do. Yeah, I mean, so I'm based... Before we continue, please don't go, sir. No, no, I mean, okay, I call all my colleagues casually. Casually is fine. Casually, everything is okay. Whatever you prefer. I casually call everybody. Some people call me sir that comes into some time. That works. Yeah, I call people boss. Oh, yeah, and in the same way, yeah. Same note, yeah. Yeah, cute, yeah. So yeah, in terms of background, you know, I've completed my engineering in 2016, actually, in electronics and communication and related things. I basically... Sorry? Engineering in 2016? Yeah, 2016 straight. I'm based out of, I mean, I was born and brought up from, you know, southern Tamil Nadu. I don't know if I've ever been to that side. So yeah, my core place was this hill station called... actually, Salem, actually. So there I... It's close to Bangalore and Chennai itself. But then after my college, I went to Chennai for work. I started with HCL's, no, Cisco Offshore Development Center in Chennai. Working with, you know, network management products development, actually. So it was going on, you know, by 2008 or something, I visited Austin there. I was there working for about six months for a temporary project there. For some professional reasons, you know, there was a...