If you are going with the special agreement, if you are not going with the speculation, you will be moving towards the distinct villa degree program. Okay, so with respect to the reason for this opening, I wanted to get interaction with you guys. If you have any issues that we need to discuss, I completely trust that I wanted to take note of that point. In a way, I collected the support feedback form like we present that once a year for evals. Okay, so it is completely noted. The feedback was completely heard, but I am going to take it up and I know I trust the things. Okay, just see. So basically, this majorly captured about LMS and the platform. Okay, so around nearly 10% of the people said that it was difficult to navigate the LMS and the remaining people answered them okay. Somewhere now it is average behavior. I can see that from the data, I will try to improve that if we get specific suggestions that have been captured. Okay, so coming to the other issues, it was to navigate the platform. Mostly both platforms are user friendly ones and the assignment task was better on the calendar. You said it was better on going through the JR captured. Unrelated, of course, distinct and other things. Okay, so when it comes to materials, okay, most of the people have said they are satisfied with the course materials that have been provided in the LMS. Say nearly 50% of the people are mostly satisfied with their rating of four and five. And very few are unsatisfied with the LMS. So for technical issues, as I can see here, most of the people frequently face technical issues. It seems nearly around 40%. I would take specific feedback on that to turn down and improve the scene. So coming to the challenging perspective, you know, most of the complaints are regarding the video issues, buffering, and streaming was the main issue. Compared to other things, most of the words we can see that it was slower and lagging, and especially streaming video streaming issue was there and video buffering issue was there. So most of the suggestions also came on the video and streaming experience. Okay, and improving the recorded lecture access and analytics, and some improvement on navigation to the course as well as assignments under the platform. So for the support team, okay, I can see that only 40% of the people are happy with the support. The remaining 60% are somewhat happy. I don't mean that. I take feedback on that and try to improve on the same. And yeah, for support, most of the people have said that they are satisfied with the support they are getting. Especially also, most of the people were happy with the TAs and they also like the support from other things. Especially understanding the content and timely support. So many people said that TAs have not responded them very timely. So I would like to, you know, work on that.