Is it not possible to download it from there? No, sir. The video? If you had to play it online, then you may have issues with buffering and other things because you do not have control over the network bandwidth and other factors. We don't know what kind of server they have loaded or where the server is located. For now it is not enabled, sir. We can't download it. Yeah, maybe I'll talk to the support team. Let's see what their issue is and why they are not allowing it. So maybe we had troubleshooting sessions, sir. We had troubleshooting with our support team a couple of days back. I questioned if it's possible to allow downloads. They told me no, it is not possible. They said they are not allowing downloads because there are some issues, so they cannot allow downloads. So you have to watch it online. They actually did make some changes and it worked for a couple of days. It was working fine even two days back, but again, I think starting from yesterday it began buffering. I'm not sure why. No, I think maybe it's because many of you may be accessing the content simultaneously. Exactly. Since the exams are coming up nearby, everybody is watching the videos. So because of that, the server may be getting loaded or something. I do not know what kind of server they have or where that server is located. Anyway, I also talked to them. Let's see what they say. I want to understand their reason because normally downloads are allowed. Like here we have a similar LMS kind of system, and we do allow students to download videos or whatever content it is. Sir, in case if they don't allow downloads, then please help us with some other way. Yeah, so I am actually not very comfortable recommending other videos or content because whatever I have seen, I'm not happy with how the teacher teaches or the approach. So I will not recommend videos. But I can definitely recommend some books to you people. Even some PDFs will also work because we know the concept. We just want it in one place so that once we go through it step by step, from line one to line two, it will provide us with that structure. Yeah, so maybe I can suggest some books which you can refer to and they should be helpful. Okay, sir. Okay, that will be good. But yeah, because I myself never refer to videos and some of my students do refer to them, and many times I have seen that they end up learning something wrong. Then they come and argue with me, and then I correct them. Then I feel like I should correct the video as well. So that's why I'm not a big fan of these things. So there are, are you people familiar with NPTEL? So NPTEL videos will be there. Those are available on YouTube. But I do not know whether they are optimized for all topics. I know that some videos are there, but maybe something is there for this particular topic or also linear algebra in general. But there may not be exactly the way we have discussed it. So it will be almost like a totally different course.