And then, you know, information. Yeah, right, so okay, I think we have what, plus people, so maybe we can start. Yes. All right. So in last class, we started discussing this notion of entropy and then joint entropy, conditional entropy, all those things. So we discussed, for example, at the end, I think I asked you could do somebody like compute this quantity, continue people do that. So I asked you to compute, you want to see an example. Somebody tried that? Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Okay. So what did you get? So I got seven by entropy of X. Is that right? I got 13 by. Okay. Oh yeah. And then I asked you to compute this quantity also. And also as well. I got three by it. Okay. So does it match with the other numbers? Yes, I mean, is it like both of them are saying or different? Both are the same. Okay, good. Yeah. So this one, both of them actually are the same. So this is actually the same as this. And this is something that is known as the mutual information between X and Y. Okay. So I leave the definition of the mutual information, I mean, this class, I just wanted to work on that quantity first. So I'll explain, okay what it means is that, like suppose you compute an entropy of X, so you know what is uncertainty in Y affects. And then there's another related variable that is V. And you have computed suppose, you know what is that too. And based on that, you compute the conditional entropy of X, given Y. Now, if X and Y are kind of correlated. Okay, so the moment you know Y, you know everything about X. So they are very strongly correlated. So the moment you know about the Y value has taken, you exactly know what will you be. For example, Y is some deterministic function between X and both, X is suppose Y is some X square or something, some deterministic function. So the moment you know what is Y, you know what is X. And so then, knowing Y does not leave any uncertainty in the value of X, right? So in that case, the additional entropy of X given Y, that is this term, this becomes zero. Okay. Similarly, the way also. If it is a bijective function of X and you are very highly correlated, to knowing X, will give you almost all the information about Y. So in that case, again, there is no uncertainty in Y value. No, when you know X, right? So then this one will be zero. Okay. So in such cases, your mutual information is that the H of X or H of Y. Okay. But in general, it is not so, it is always these things are generally, again, they are greater than or equal to zero. So then this term will be, let's say it is definitely greater than zero. And in that case, the correlation between the two will be less than H of X or H of Y. Okay. So that means like even when Y occurs, still there is something about X that you do not know. Okay. So that's why mutual information is pretty important concept in, I mean, various areas, whether it is a communication signal's or seeing machine learning various six. So that's why a lot of people see where they will be using some other form of mutual information. But anyway, return to the computation.