Okay, sure. One quick question: by tomorrow morning, there will be a video of this session. I'll update it after one hour, okay? No problem, thank you so much. First, you need to log in using this URL: put.ple90WDAC. When you login using this URL, you'll get the login portal. After that, you can see your email ID data. Use your institutional email ID and use your data. The password is in DDMMYY format. Just enter your credentials and login. Then it will take you directly to this page. Read the instructions, scroll down, and you can see "read and understood the instructions." Click on that. After that, you can see the start exam button. Once you click this, it will take you to the next page. Here, it will ask permission for your camera and microphone. You have to allow access while visiting the site. Just click on "allow while visiting the site." After that, it will take you to the next page. Here it will ask you to capture a picture. Capture your photo here. You can retake your photo and continue the exam. Here you have to click on "Continue." Then it will take you to this page. Here you have to upload your government ID. It may be your Aadhaar or something. You can also use the ID code option. You can upload your ID card using the upload ID card option. After that, click on "Continue." It will take you to the next page. Here, it is asking permission for your microphone. You have to allow access while visiting the site. Then it will take you to this page. It will ask permission for your screen. You have to click on "entire screen" in the dropdown. You can also see an option to share system audio. You have to enable that as well. After that, just click on "share." Then it will take you to this page. At the top, you can see a small icon that is the pop-up blocker. Just click on that. After that you can see "always allow pop-ups" and related form. Just click on that. Then click "done." It will take you to the page. If you get a denied option in the account, just refresh it. After granting all permissions, it will show like this in green. You can see "share screen granted, camera granted, microphone granted." If you see a denied option, just refresh the page and it will update. You can see it all in green: granted, granted, granted. After that, you have to click on "start exam." Then it will take you to the page. Here you can see the student information, your main branch, and you can see your MCQs and descriptive questions. You can take any one of these first. You can take MCQs first, or you can take descriptive first. I'll take MCQs. Just click on that. Then your MCQs will be clear. Just click on the correct answers. It will automatically take you to the next question. Here, you can see the show palette. The show palette will display all the uploaded questions. You can review them there.