After the one-on-one, is this the RT? Given that S1 is able to S test. Okay, this is what we have. We are here at, okay? From here, this is expectation operative, so the expectation of R0 is basically the same. We can write them here. Plus, the expectation of this T is going to 1, 2, 0, 2, 3, the power of this RT. This is fast. Now what is this for? This part? This part is nothing but look at that function obtained and a state of case is this thing, okay? And for this, it is nothing but a value function, okay? Like state of eyelash? I start a game from the East West, okay? Still now, it is saying that one time has elapsed. So I have to take into account of starting the game from the SDS. For that, I just apply for it. So I'm not applying this number one. I'm taking it out. Then here it becomes down to the body minus one here, right? Understand this. T is going to 1, 2, 3 minus 1. Then R, a team, but is one of his tests. So here, this 3 minus 1. You can consider this T minus 1 is 0, okay. So now you're able to decide your game from the state of Eastcast, okay? So now you can say that this expectation can be reduced to this expectation of 0 human messages, this plus gamma. This one is nothing but your value function obtained at the state of. Okay, so recursively, if I want to compute a value for the state of A, I need the value for the next state. So because of computation, okay? So we are falling back to the same thing, last in the case of model-based, like in Palwater, Polycare, and also. So that is what is expected here. So we are reducing these two. This is called Bellman equation. It regards the relation between the value function between two consecutive states. In other words, if you remember from your model-learning, this can be written in this manner, okay? Just to keep you properly with your model-based learning, you can just consider here I'm only involving pile of ACR. Is pi of Asian? And in the state of A, what is my policy? So policy is nothing but state to action. So pi of A is basically one of the actions that you can take in the state of A. So this thing and this thing has no difference in meaning. The only thing I have replaced is bio-phase with A, okay? So this will unit one. We have been heavily dealing with this expression, okay? But this knowledge is not known to us in the case of model-free learning. That means the property of getting into a new state from the current state of A. Okay, so this is unknown to us. That is why we will not be able to write this expression for our model-free learning algorithm, okay? So you have seen already all those, uh, your, uh, my habit here. Uh, no. This dictionary I have written already, right? So on the state of A, if you take action A, you might enter into any one of the next possible states. This knowledge is not available to us in the case of model-free reinforced learning. So we are going to take the help of estimation. How to do?