We have a set of weights. If we are not getting our designed input, then there will be one more parameter which can help us get the desired output, right? So bias itself is also a parameter which we learn during the training of this perceptron. And then we were talking about the decision boundary. First of all, how do we write the equation for this perceptron? Suppose we have 3 inputs: X0, X1, X2, where X0 represents the bias, which we fix as one for simplicity. We are giving similar notation so that we will not treat bias separately from the weighted sum. From now on, the summation W·X includes the bias term also. The only thing is X0 will represent the bias, which will always be one. And this weight we have to learn. So just for simplicity, we have added X0 in terms of the bias, right? So my equation becomes W0·X0 + W1·X1 + W2·X2. And because X0 is known, we can substitute the value here: one. We can substitute W0 whatever the value is. And then the rest of the equation we can solve for either X1 or X2. We will get the equation in terms of X2 or in terms of X1. Fine. Then you can easily plot a line. For example, here we have solved it for X2. Then for every X1, we can get what the X2 is, and hence you have the decision boundary, which is plotted as you can see. So we understood how this perceptron trick algorithm works. The main idea was: you pick any random set of weights W0, W1, W2. As you choose any random set, you will get a decision boundary for that. Now with respect to the decision boundary, you pick any random point. You will have multiple points. For example, I have here three points that are being shown. I can either pick this green point or this blue point or this cyan point. It is random, so we don't have any control. So randomly we are going to pick one point and we will see if it is on the correct side of the line or not. If it is on the correct side, we are not going to make any change in the line. If it is not on the correct side, then we have to update these parameters W0, W1, W2. Once we update this parameter, we will get a new line, right? And then again for the new line, we will pick the next random point and we are going to continue this process as long as you don't get the complete separation. Either your number of epochs are reached or you have separated the data into two classes clearly. That is the algorithm, right? This update parameter works only in the case of misclassification, not in the case of correct classification. And hence after that we have seen some visualisation as well.