Coming back to outcomes, for example, we have one, two, or three outcomes. Out of four, six outcomes are possible. That's fantastic. But do you have this happening all the time? Every time, like with substitutions, this kind of thing happens? I mean, we don't go around tossing a coin or rolling a die all the time, right? One event is different when we are doing the experiment. So there's a binomial choice of things happening under certain conditions. For example, resulting in a job or not, getting a good score. So when there's a positive outcome, there are two or many options. So one more thing is in the case of grades, F and other marks—which options the market can go down. Weather also has probabilities, sir. I think cards have probabilities. Based on the open cards, you can decide whether, let's say in poker, definitely. But even in the 13, you can assess your chances. Okay. But in day-to-day life, things are not that way. I mean, most of your activities are not based on probability, right? So when you open the door, I mean you unlock your door, you turn the key or whatever it is, then there's only one outcome. It will open, right? There are different types of experiments. One is a deterministic one where the outcome is certain, and we don't have to generally worry about the probability. The other one is where there is variability, and we quantify it with the help of random variables, whether it might be discrete or continuous. And that's where we need probability to quantify how much is the favorability or unfavorability. For example, if you boil water at 100 degrees, the probability is one. I mean, even a deterministic experiment is a subset of a stochastic experiment, but the probability is at one. But for a stochastic experiment, like if I try to find out multiple experiments like coin flips, depending upon the number of flips, whether the coin will fall down as heads or tails or what would be the outcome depending upon the number of options available—there's variability. The coin's coming down is decided by physics, right? Yes, it is decided by physics, but there are random variable factors like air density and friction. So you can even find out both things. Like how much is the air resistance and how much is the speed at that particular time and all those things you can find out. But fluid dynamics are still not as deterministic as structural dynamics. So let's say we flip a coin in a windy area where the density of air is relatively different compared to still air versus in a closed room where there's no wind blowing and nothing is happening. Now if we flip a coin, can you tell me the outcome? Because there is much less variability there now, right? Yes.