Hey Prabhakan, sorry I had sent this Zoom link in the other external message, but I forgot here actually. So it's the same Zoom link as we had yesterday. Okay, let me just share the screen quickly. Okay, very good. So there is a project document. Let me just walk through that first, right? So this is what I submitted. I will collect your resume and stuff, so that is mandatory in the next phase actually. They gave an exception because not a lot of people got a domain mentor. So as we know already, right, the problem is this: I'm trying to use our CAT records and then the error we get back from Findra, join them together, use that as data, and train a model with a Random Forest model. Then test whether it predicts fine. So I'm trying to see whether the model's performance metrics are good enough. I was trying a lot of things, like trying to use a huge number of data, but Snowflake or broad environment has a very small machine they have given us, so it was struggling to even load itself. At the last minute though, I figured out there's a batch of data we can pull and merge all the files locally and try to do a lot of things. But then I tried to change my strategy to use only minimal data, like maybe some 10 days of business dates of data to pull, and then try to do something with that. And then we can, you know, later once we have some positive numbers, try to do that for the bigger input data. So with that model, I started, you know, I'll show maybe some metrics there. The start date is February 10th this year and then the 16th. This is the window of time I took the data. I did a cap of 4000 because some classes might have so much error codes, some types we probably don't need so much, 4000 itself to begin with. But on the other hand, maybe there are some error types where there is not much sample. So basically I'm limiting it. I'm trying to build a sequel in such a way that I get samples capped by error code kind of thing. So that I don't need to have so much data because it doesn't make sense to have so much data for a single record that would make the data imbalanced, right? So that kind of thing. So then train and split is 70 percent for training and 30 percent for testing. Total rows for this, and out of which after deduplication, I had only around 15K, right? And columns are 91, unique codes are 929, and the target error code is what I want to predict for a given CAT car, right? That is what I'm looking for. It should be complete, like it should not have any nulls at all, right? And then this is a sequel to get some balanced samples. We can go through it a little. But again, then I'm trying to do some sort of feasibility on the features to see...