Also, kind of generalised delta rule. Generalised delta rule means the delta rule is nothing but perceptron learning law that we have. But the distinct purpose of perceptron learning law is applicable only to the output layer. However, by converting the hard limiting output functionality to a differential output function, I can extend that delta learning law into the previous layers also. And that's why it's called the generalised delta learning law. Means I can pass on the delta learning law and generalise it to the hidden layers also. Hence the name generalised delta. Okay, next right? So, what is that backpropagation learning algorithm framework? It is the learning algorithm proposal for the multilayer feedforward network. It is also termed as generalised delta rule. A gradient descent along the error surface arrived at our mark. That is a different thing. Error, we know, is the difference between the desired output and the actual output obtained from the output layer of the network. Then you estimate the gradient descent along the error surface to increment the weight connecting the units j and i. So what we do is, for example, the change in the weight is proportional to the partial derivative with reference to the error. Consider the derivative of the error and that contributes to the change in the weight. This delta, earlier, it used to be the discrete delta—no, target output minus actual output—the error is directly proportional to the delta. Now it is made as a derivative, proportional to the derivative of the error. That is the change they made when they came up with this backpropagation. We go to the next slide. So, deriving the expressions for this delta w_ij for different layers, suppose if you consider a multilayer perceptron with three layers—input, one hidden layer, and output—that is what is shown in that figure: a three-layer network. The first layer is represented with one, two, three, et cetera, small i, and capital I for the number of neurons in the input layer. The hidden layer neurons are represented by j, small j for one, two, et cetera, capital J. Small j is the index for the neurons. The output layer has one, two, small k, et cetera, capital K. That is the notation. Go forward. Next. See, the first layer is capital I linear input units, indexed by small i. Second layer is capital J linear, nonlinear units indexed by j, and the third layer is capital K nonlinear units, indexed by small k. AFM is given at the input layer and the desired output is BFM, available only at the output layer. So the error between the desired output, B of M, and the actual output, B dash M, is available only at the output. So use this error to adjust the weights from the hidden units to the output units. That's right. Now there are weights in two layers. One, the weights leading from the input units to the hidden units, and second, the weights leading from the hidden units to the output units.