We can continue with the next sections if you'd like. Sure, let's continue. In the last chapter, you built an MDP for the BW, BSW, and FL environments. MDPs are the motors moving RL environments. They define the problem. They describe how the agent interacts with the environment through state and action spaces. The agent's goal through the reward function, how the environment reacts from the agent's actions through the transition function, and how time should impact behavior through the discount factor. In this chapter, you'll learn about algorithms for solving MDPs. We first discussed the objective of an agent and why simple plans are not sufficient to solve MDPs. We then talk about the two fundamental algorithms for solving MDPs under a technique called dynamic programming: Value Iteration (VI) and Policy Iteration (PI). Continue on, don't wait for me. Understood. Let's keep going. You'll soon notice that these methods, in a way, cheat. They require full access to the MDP and they depend on knowing the dynamics of the environment, which is something we can't always obtain. However, the fundamentals you'll learn are still useful for learning about more advanced algorithms. In the end, VI and PI are the foundations from which virtually every other RL and DRL algorithm originates. You'll also notice that when an agent has full access to an MDP, there's no uncertainty because you can look at the dynamics and rewards and calculate expectations directly. Calculating expectations directly means that there's no need for exploration. That is, there's no need to balance exploration and exploitation. There's no need for interaction, so there's no need for trial and error learning. All of this is because the feedback we're using for learning in this chapter isn't evaluative but supervised instead. Continue. Continuing from where we left off. Remember, in DRL, agents learn from feedback that is simultaneously sequential as opposed to one-shot, evaluative as opposed to supervised, and sampled as opposed to exhaustive. What I'm doing in this chapter is eliminating the complexity that comes with learning from evaluative and sampled feedback and studying sequential feedback in isolation. In this chapter, we learn some feedback that's sequential, supervised, and exhaustive. We can move forward with more of the text. Yes. All right, let's keep going. The objective of a decision-making agent. At first, it seems the agent's goal is to find a sequence of actions that will maximize the return—the sum of rewards, discounted or undiscounted depending on the value of gamma—during an episode or the entire life of the agent, depending on the task. Let me introduce a new environment to explain these concepts more concretely. The Slippery Walk 5 (SW5) environment. The Slippery Walk 5 (SW5) is a one-row grid world environment that's stochastic, similar to the frozen lake, and it has only 5 non-terminal states, 7 total.