Let's plan your October study schedule. How do you plan your day? Give me some time. You need to look at your health as well. You're getting stressed and you're looking really odd, not so active, right? I'm thinking so much. I don't know. You look lost. You look lost. I look lost. Wow, lost means I'm lost. Lost. I don't understand. Fine, you can study. It looks like you're stuck somewhere on the road, not knowing where to go, in the middle of the road. First I turn off the road and then think. I turn off the road. Okay, move and study. Don't disturb me. I don't understand the thing. Then what? Without knowing English, what do you do? What don't you understand? Show me quickly. Quick. The soldiers fought with great courage. In this sentence, "with great courage" is a prepositional phrase or adverbial phrase. Will it count if I write adverbial phrase? Will it be right? You're asking? See, first courage is different. So when you talk about preposition or adverb, right? Courage is the noun. When you look at "with great" as something different and you split that first. So one thing—oh no, yeah, courage also is fine. So "fought" is the verb here. "With great courage" is correct. Okay? The soldiers fought with great courage. That is an adverbial phrase, okay? It's formed with a preposition within the prepositional phrase, right? It clearly explains that encourages. But then is it a phrase? No, that is an adverbial phrase. It's telling the preposition and it cannot be considered a prepositional phrase. A prepositional phrase is a group of words that begins with a preposition and ends with a noun or pronoun. A prepositional phrase can function as either an adjective or an adverb. When it modifies a verb, another adverb, or an adjective, it's called an adverbial phrase. Okay? In this case, since the preposition is modifying a verb, then this is an adverbial phrase, okay? Confirm? I don't need to write. No, I don't understand. For the last time, I want to write accurately and I'm not being able to understand what this is telling. "The house on the hill is beautiful." That modifies the noun. Adverbial phrase. "Birds sang with joy." Okay, that's modifying it. In other words, "with great courage" acts as an adverb, telling us how the soldiers fought. It's called an adverb phrase. So yes, it is correct that it is an adverbial phrase. That is much better than Germany because it is telling where. Are you starting with a preposition? No, right? Something. No, no, that comes in the middle, right? No, the phrase starts with the preposition. "With great courage" is the phrase that is underlined. That starts with the preposition. Even I don't understand. I'm wondering and I got confused completely. See, this is how hard English is. English makes no sense. Where did you search it? That is a whole sentence. You should only give "with great courage." No, you should give "in this." Yeah, right. To mention with the great is going to say "adverbial phrase." Functioning adverbial of manner or modifying. What phrase is it? What is clearly written? The soldiers fought with great courage.