You have executed? We tried it, sir. Okay, so the screen is visible to you? Yes, sir. Okay, fine. So today's topic is policy improvement. Okay, so let me open up what is called policy improvement. For policy improvement, what do we need? Go back and see. So till the last class, I have finished up to here, how to evaluate a policy. So we had 2 policies: one is greedy, another one is careful policy. For both of them, I have shown you how to evaluate them. So you can see after running the policy evaluation. The careful policy is giving the value for being in the start state of 0.4. And here in the case of greedy policy, it is 0.3, okay? So once policy evaluation has run, it will find out the value for each and every state. So you get this kind of values for careful policy, and for greedy policy, you get this kind of values. Now what should you do? You need to do some updation of your policy so that you will get a new policy, and with a new policy, you can do policy evaluation again. So this updation of policy and then policy evaluation, this will go on until the time you do not find any new policy. So that is what is called the policy iteration algorithm. So the policy iteration algorithm has 2 steps. Once you start with any given policy, any random policy, then you evaluate the policy. After evaluation is completed, you will get values for each and every cell. After finding out the values, then you do a policy update. Policy update means the action that you want to take in each and every cell. You have to just change a little bit in some of the cells. You do not change all the cells at the same time. You change one or two cells, or maybe two to three cells, not more than that. Some of the actions need to be changed in only one, two to three cells, okay? So you get a new policy. That new policy again, you run policy evaluation. Policy evaluation finds out the value for living in a particular cell under the new policy. Again, with the new policy, you will have to change some actions in a particular cell or two or three number of cells. You get a new policy, and again you run policy evaluation. So that is what the job of your policy iteration algorithm is, okay? So now I will show you what a policy iteration algorithm is, then I will come up with the mechanism for doing that, okay? So is there anything I'm gonna do so hard here? No. So let me just write it down here. So in the book also it is written here. If you read the book, in the next page itself, last class we finished up here. Once the policy evaluation is completed, you will get the value for each and every cell under every policy, okay? After that, your job is to find a new policy that will be improving your value in each and every cell. So if we say that if I want to compare between 2 policies, policy one and policy two, how do we compare? The mechanism is pointing out the value for living in each and every cell. If the value for policy two reaches each and every...