Let me know if I'm clearly audible. Okay, so today I'm going to present about the general approach. I'm going to switch to presentation mode. I'll be switching from this tab to a different tab to show the prompts. So I'm going to present about the journey I've used for my literature review for my project on spatio-temporal modelling of flight delay prediction and preparation using machine learning. This is my exploratory journey. I started with domain exploration. For this, I used ChatGPT as my mentor because it's the starting point and most powerful tool for brainstorming. I gave it a prompt asking it to list the 5 most important, trending, and high-impact research topics in each of the domains listed here for my entire level project. I asked it to provide different things for each topic. When I went through all of this, since I'm working in the aviation domain, I decided to take this domain. So I went ahead with my topic exploration. For my topic exploration, I used ChatGPT, Perplexity, and Google Gemini for comparison. For this, I used 2 prompts. In the first round, I asked it to choose the top 3 topics from the previous list it generated, which have the highest research potential for my domain and which are prediction-oriented, since I love doing prediction over entertainment. So for each topic, I asked it to explain the whole idea, real-world examples, and different other things. In my second round, I asked it to compare the top 3 topics across difficulty, market potential, public data availability, and background requirements. Finally, I asked it to recommend the best topic for my entire project and provide a review with justification. When I did that, in the first result, it provided multimodal flight delay prediction propagation modelling. This is very interesting because since my previous chats were based on this context, it provided this in the first place, but it was different when I tried it the first time. So it provided the second one, which is aircraft engine health prediction. And the third one is flight anomaly prediction. Later, when I asked it to compare, it gave me star ratings for each one and reasons for them. So finally, it gave me the final rating. For anomaly prediction, it gave the higher score, and second one for flight delay prediction. But I went ahead with this because the dataset was available here. Even though it mentioned that this is available, it wasn't available freely. So we had to request the website owners.