Okay, so you're able to see that window, right? Yes, yes, sir. Okay, so today I will discuss the Markov Decision Process. So, a Markov Decision Process is a model-based process, meaning the agent knows the state transition table of the environment. Basically, the state transition table is very important information for the agent to take action on a particular state. So if the agent knows the state transition information of the environment, then we apply MDP. If the agent does not know the information of state transitions, then we cannot apply MDP. Okay, so MDP is, as I told you, a very elegant mechanism for sequential decision making. Every time you are taking action, you are changing your state. This is called a state-action sequence. So the overall problem is called a sequential decision-making problem under uncertainty. That is the main characteristic of the problem under which MDP will be functioning. I will give you one example, which is called the Grid World problem. Let me zoom in further. So here is a Grid World. This is the Grid World. This is the agent. This agent can move right, left, up, or down. It can take an action in a particular state. It has 4 actions in 4 directions. So it is a 3 by 4 Grid World. There is a target here. If you reach this place, this diamond, if you reach this diamond on the grid, you are going to get a plus one reward. Okay, if you get into the hole here, if you get into this grid location, you will get a minus one reward. And here, if you get into this grid, there is a fireplace. You will get a minus one reward. So your objective is to start from this particular location. The agent will start from this particular location and can take any movement in one of the 4 directions. As the agent is changing from one state to another, he will receive a reward. That reward is optional. He may not receive any reward either. In either case, we can solve this problem. So if I want to describe this problem in Markov Decision Process formulation, what are the things I need? I need a set of states. The set of states will be 12 states here. A set of actions for each state. We have a set of 4 actions: up, down, left, and right. A transition function is the conditional probability that given the agent is in a particular state S and he is taking action A, it will transition to state S prime. The reward function is upon transitioning from S to S prime. The agent will receive a reward. This reward is something that is defined by the environment. And it is a variable—it can vary. It cannot be static all the time. That means for a given state and action, we should define a particular reward function.