Good morning, sir. Yes, sir. Okay, so today we'll have a little discussion about how we usually play with games like chess, but when we play against computers, they are very hard to beat. When playing other games, these things are actually diverse. Multiple techniques are involved, which are born from AI techniques, we can say. These techniques initiated how we can make our system a little bit smarter compared to normal usage. In those scenarios, we obtained algorithms that should actually help us reach a winning solution, whether that's a chess game, whether that's a tic-tac-toe game, whether there's a puzzle solving problem, whether there's a maze solving problem, or whether you're searching for locations from your place to some other city. It shows five different routes indicating which path you should take for optimal placement. But when you're expecting information from huge amounts of datasets and servers, these are all actually done through algorithms where we make the system a little bit smart with the help of AI. So we're going into a little bit of search techniques. Okay, I'll share the screen and go through one by one. Let me open Google to show you an example. Here, suppose my place is currently... I want to go to Hyderabad. Click on the direction. Now you're able to see multiple pathways. We have one pathway, and there are three directions. AI systems basically have a state—an initial state, some intermediate states, and some rules. In this case, for example, the initial state was in Sattur colony, and from this location, we want to go to Hyderabad. Now we have multiple pathways. Which path is the best one? How is it determined? This is done through a searching algorithm. Those who belong from the same background might have studied BFS and DFS—breadth-first search and depth-first search. Yes, sir. DFS—depth-first search. Absolutely. Yes. So basically, each of these systems has some context. I'm currently at my location, which is the initial state, my goal state is to reach Hyderabad airport, and intermediate states are wherever I go, whichever route I take. Each state will be checked to verify whether it's the goal state or not. We can have hundreds of pathways. We can explore one by one following a particular pattern.