That could probably be based on frequencies about the total number of events that you say that number of times have taken. And based on that, people were computing those properties. So all those things have some problems. So please, the efficiency definition—we had the problem that we say it's like a very large number of times have happened, and then how many times that things happen? So the question is: how large is large enough? So to get rid of that, I introduced this definition of property that is like a stabilization of property. It is an existent property. So we said that it has to have certain properties: the property for any event is going to be given a value between zero and one, and the probability of the entire sample space is going to be one. And then we discuss this in which case events and other things. All right, so let's continue that. So the next thing that is interesting, or that is what we use, is the notion of conditional probability. Okay, so what is conditional probability? So what is that? Suppose you have two events, A and B. They belong to some sample space. And let's say we note the property of A is P(A). Okay, so it is not even a simple property. Now we then say that suppose event A has already occurred, okay? So you have some sample space. Let's say the sample space, and this is event A, okay? And we say that A has a certain probability. And this, let's say there's some other event that is event B in the same sample space. And maybe there has some intersection with A. Okay. So this is an event, and it has some intersection with event—let's call it A intersection B. So now we know. So this is, let's say, this is the entire thing that is our space. So we know that from the entire sample space, let's say if A has already appeared. And now we want to know what is the chance of B? So initially you started with space S. And now event A has already occurred. So what you know is: okay, only, let's say this portion of the space is actually there for you. Okay. The entire space was there. Now only this portion of the sample space is there because event A has occurred. Now the question is: given that event A has occurred, what is the probability of B? The probability of B given that A has occurred is this shaded region, that is shaded in blue, right? So this region is the one that contains all those events which are such that when A has occurred, then the chance of—okay? So now, how do we kind of? So this is a—sorry, sir, which shape, sir? Because A and B is blue shape, A and—no, blue shape. So that is an intersection. Okay? Yes, sir. All right, so then the entire sample space was there. Now because we know that A has occurred, now we are asking: what is the probability that B is A? Okay? So initially, if I had asked you that, it would be like: what is the probability of B? That is like this one, this original sheet, right? Yes. So this is the probability of B. But we are in a condition. Now we are asking: what is the probability that B given A? So this is something that is...