Okay, let me see. Yes, sir. All right, so let's get started. He's already 15 minutes late. So, in the last couple of classes, we were discussing the basic notions of probability, what properties, what definitions, and all that. So from today onwards, we're discussing how we use all of this. Now, you say that something happens with a certain probability—you say there's a 50% chance, or the property that somebody is taller than other people by 50%, or something like that. What we're really talking about here is not just single probabilities, but we're talking about other properties that are actually distributed over different values or several states. Okay? So for example, when we say a coin, it can take heads or tails, then we say that will be like, probability of heads equals probability of tails. So basically, there are two events, and for a coin, the probability will be. So we're basically looking at what is a probability distribution. For example, sometimes—not always, but many times—you hear that the income of countries, or the median income of a country is this, or the average height of, suppose, Indians is this. How do they arrive at these numbers? I say, nobody has a number. Nobody has ever come to me and measured my height and asked, 'What is your height?' Yet they say the average height of an Indian male is 5.6 feet or something. The way this is stated—not only suppose Indian males, but they say every height—obviously all humans in the world is maybe 5.3 feet. So the question is, how do they, from the population which is so big—maybe some, whatever the exact number—and then how do they arrive at the distribution of heights? So the distribution of heights is basically related to the distributions that we're talking about. Basically, we see that when you have a set of heights, we can say, what is the average height, and what is the probability that someone's height is going to be less than the average or greater than average or something. Okay? So the question is, how do you construct such distributions or the distribution of probabilities? For a coin, it is very simple. It's just in one or two events. You can toss a coin, and then you can assume that it has only two outcomes, and then assuming it's a fair coin, it is just fifty-fifty. But many times, a lot of events are possible. And the question is, how do you assign the properties? Okay, so that is the one thing we are going to discuss. And once we assign the properties, then how do we extract, say, various properties or other information? A probability distribution basically contains almost all the information about the samples, okay? So, based on their probability distribution, we can extract a lot of information about the samples and a lot of the properties. So we are going to discuss some of those things now. In the last class, I need to tell you because we have two types of properties.