What is probability? It's the ratio of favorable outcomes to the total number of possible outcomes. Favorable outcomes are the outcomes that we intend to happen. So where do you see such things happening?

Okay, so maybe we can look at some sudden parameters. But the key insight is that small perturbations can actually lead to very big fluctuations later on. And that's what's actually happening in the stock market, weather, and all those things. Because there are so many parameters involved, most of the time we're just concerned with only a few parameters and ignore many others. But those parameters that we've ignored, over time, they actually create such a large effect that it changes everything.

So probability, in one sense, is a kind of cover for our lack of information. It's basically covering what we don't know. That's why, instead of bothering about hundreds of thousands of millions of parameters, we say, okay, let's not get into that. Let's say, what happens on average? Or what happens in general? So then we can cover up, or paint over, all those various parameters and their effects. And then we just focus on a small number of parameters and based on that, we try to make predictions. And long-term predictions are mostly tough.

So that's what probability is all about. Now, regarding random events, there are two types of experiments: deterministic and random. Deterministic, in the sense that the outcome is already decided. For example, you turn the key in your keyhole and the door opens. There's no other possibility that it won't open, unless maybe some lever inside the lock is broken. Similarly, you turn on your computer and run the Linux system; it will show Linux only. It's not that one day you turn it on and it shows Linux, and another day it shows Windows or MacOS. That doesn't happen. Similarly, when you double-click something, whatever it's supposed to open, it will open that thing. It's not that randomly it can open something else. You click on Word and it opens Excel; that won't happen. These are deterministic kinds of things where the input decides the output. There's no other way for it.

But these kinds of things, if you look at your life, these things are very few. Most things are actually random. Randomness, in a sense, means there are a lot of parameters which we do not know about—their behavior and their values. We either do not know their behavior, or we do not know their values.