A bunch of data that consists of audio samples from almost 6000 or 7000 speakers. Yeah, currently I'm able to collect the data. Yes, sir? From where did you get this data, 6, 7000 speakers? There is one open source dataset, VivoX from the University of Oxford. Yeah, they have released that dataset with about 6000 speakers. Okay, tell me more. Yes, I need to try to project better so I can understand what you are planning to do. Yes, I'll prepare material and present the dataset and which algorithm you are planning to use, and what would be the final difference after 6 months? Okay. So, next. Yeah, Sidharu. Recently, sir, I just created a draft title and presented a PPT on eight articles such as electronic charging stations. In that class also, the director mentioned that it would be better if you focus on security and vulnerabilities. So you need to talk with your supervisor and let us know whether your title would be electronic charging station security and vulnerabilities or technology security and vulnerabilities. I informed them that I will meet my supervisor and present him all the work that I have done, including LRS, LRSF, and the presentation. I also located an article that you mentioned. I want to show you all the draft things that I have done. Based on that, I have made some adjustments, sir. For example, the short term recommendations and the knowledge gaps. I have identified these from eight articles, sir. From this semester onwards, I need to go deeper into those contents, sir. That's what I want to finalize this semester. For my previous semester, I focused on the petrol station implementation part. Because if you only study theoretical aspects, you will not be able to implement anything. Whenever you are studying any article, you need to see how it is possible to implement it. It's a kind of feasibility study. So next time when we meet, I need a concrete understanding of at least one of the articles that you are going to implement. Yes, yes, yes, yes. Next, Ruby. Ruby, are you here? Yes, sir. So, sir, as of now, I'll continue with the same project which I had submitted the report for. But this week, because I'm having some challenges with the dataset, the company was not giving data till yesterday evening. I'll continue on that pursuit. If I don't get it, then I will see, sir. This week I will formally decide. Okay, cool. So just try to work on it and even if you are not getting the data.