Maybe we can start. Sarita, who is the first candidate? Dhanya Takur is the first candidate. Oh, Dhanya is... uh, sir, not joined. Oh yes, sir. Next, we must begin. Uh, good morning, sir. I'm here. Um, Beyonce, please share the... Yeah, please, please, please. Thank you. Yeah, uh, sharing screen. I don't have slides, sir, but I'll share my screen just to show the demo or give a demo. No problem. Yes, sir. Look, my screen is visible, sir. Yes, sir. Yeah. Now, let me start then. Yeah. May I start, sir? Yeah. Yeah, please, please. Okay, uh, fine, sir, thank you. Uh, respected, uh... personal, sir, and my friends, uh, good evening to all of you. And uh, I'm presenting today on how I made use of AI tools for my MTech project domain. What I have chosen is financial forecasting and planning in higher education institutions using AI techniques. And this presentation's focus is not specifically on the project topic nor the in-depth analysis of the domain that I have chosen, but specifically on how I used AI tools such as ChatGPT and Gemini to conceptualize, refine, and initiate my project. So when we were prompted in the first semester about the project work we should take up, I wanted to select a project topic that would align with my present job role in my organization. I am working in a higher education institute. The topic that would add some practical value to the institutional decision making and allow the use of predictor models and machine learning. To start the ideation process, I decided to use AI tools as my brainstorming partners. In particular, I used ChatGPT and Gemini for guidance. I tried Perplexity as well, but somehow it did not become my good friend as ChatGPT and Gemini did. And if Miss Wuffer's session on AI tools for research was in the first semester, I would have experimented with other tools as well. Nevertheless, I'm going to use advanced tools which Waffa demonstrated for furthering my project work in the semesters. From the background that I have, I understood that the first step in any research is scoping the problem, as sir used to say. I did not want a generic idea, but I needed something specific to higher education institute setup. Hence, I adopted a more specific, I would say, personally driven prompt structure. I initiated the process with a prompt which I thought was a little precise. The first prompt which I used with ChatGPT as well as Gemini was: suggest some MTech project domains in data science and AI that are relevant to higher education institutions. So yeah, I used all these and I know try to complete the first semester project work with these two tools. And for demonstration purposes, I am just trying to show what prompt I used here and what response ChatGPT gave. Of course, the response what I got back then and now I'm getting a bit different. Uh, both the tools responded with a range of ideas. Especially ChatGPT gave me six proposals.