What about the colors? In international learning, we have supervised learning and unsupervised learning. Deep learning is a subset of machine learning that specifically contains most of the supervised learning algorithms about quality plants. Very few deep learning algorithms exist which are unsupervised. Reinforcement learning is different from machine learning algorithms. In what way is it different? The difference lies in this way: whenever we are in the real world, we interact with the environment outside. When we interact with the environment, we gain some experience. Experience can be good or bad, and experiences differ from individual to individual. So reinforcement learning is all about how you learn from your experience and how you gather knowledge from that experience. It is not like supervised learning where you provide a dataset that is already labeled by expert human beings. If the dataset is not labeled by an expert human, if any normal human being is going to learn something from the dataset, then they do a lot of trial and error. They take many actions in the environment they are living in, and every time they take an action, they get some reward from the environment. The reward can be positive, negative, or zero. With the help of rewards, they can understand and gather more data from the environment they are living in. So reinforcement learning helps you achieve what is called artificial general intelligence. Normally we talk about AI, artificial intelligence, and nowadays we want to hear about AGI, which is artificial general intelligence. This is basically because of ChatGPT and the many impacts it has had on the modeling perspective. After ChatGPT came out, there are many models that have been developed that have beaten the basic autoregressive model that ChatGPT started with. There are many other types of models that have already beaten the autoregressive model, like diffusion models. Some of them are part of AI, and some are part of AGI, artificial general intelligence. Artificial general intelligence is enabled by reinforcement learning. A specific example is: if you have reinforcement learning, your model, which is called an agent, can go into the environment, collect its own data, and reject data based on its experience. Whatever it wants, it gets in a long-term message. The agent decides whether to keep the data or not, whether the data will be accepted for training over a long time or not. All those decisions are taken care of by reinforcement learning.