The 70,000—no, no, no. Your admission key paper. Okay, so now we'll know something about the volume of the cylinder. All three-dimensional shapes, like we already did with cubes, will have a volume. In the sense that if suppose it was made with solid metal, that was a real solid thing. So how much of that metal is there? So many cubic centimetres or cubic metres, or whatever the units may be. But it is a cubic volume—so much volume of the metal, or the wood, or whatever this particular cylinder is made up of, that much we can find out. Even if it is hollow, in the sense that if it's just an outer covering and you have a base, and can really put it exactly the way you have your models, okay, plastic bottles. You know, neglect the thickness. How much water can be put inside the plastic bottle? It is cylindrical in shape. So you might have already seen 75 ML bottles, 750 ML bottles, and 250 ML bottles. All those things you have already seen—all those coco cans and all that, small cans with 200 ML of liquid that can be put there. So how much of that liquid can be stored? Rekha is also here, okay. So they are basically talking at the engine of the train, so that means the train is going to move this way. Now, as the train enters a platform, that means the train is just entering the platform here, which means this must be the platform. I don't know how long the platform is, but the idea here is that the platform starts here, and at the initial time instant, this is where the engine is aligned with the platform. Okay? Now, as the train enters a platform, Rekha starts walking with uniform speed towards the guard compartment. Well, if this is the engine, where is the guard compartment? This is the car compartment. So Rekha is now going to walk like this. This length is given—this is 60 metres. Okay, now Rekha walks at uniform speed inside the train, so as the train keeps moving forward, Rekha is moving backwards for a while until she reaches the guard compartment. And then she picks up her handbag, and then she walks back towards the engine compartment. Correct? So this train is going to move like that, and by the time, maybe somewhere here when Rekha comes back, how much time has passed? Let's see. She reaches Santosh after 40 seconds. So that means Rekha walks like this and comes back. In the sense that if suppose it was made with solid metal, cubic volume—so much volume of the metal, we can find out. Even if it is hollow, in the sense that if it's just an outer covering and you have a base and thickness. But I've seen already 75, you know, builds. Matters made up of, if it is solid in nature. If it is not solid in nature, if it has space inside to put something inside, then we can find how much of any other matter can be put inside this cylinder. So obviously there must be a formula for all that. So for volume of a cylinder, as usual, we'll always take only the right circle.