So I suppose you can always use three letters, for example, I plus J plus K. I mean you can do this in general also, but then you can take this example as well. And I minus J plus K, and a third one, let's say I plus J minus K. Okay, now suppose you have any other random vector, let's say 3I plus 7J plus 9K. And I realize it, and you want to write this one as a linear combination of these three vectors. So the idea is that if this statement is true, then you should be able to find coefficients, let's say C1, C2, C3. And to do that, you can just do this. So you have suppose C1 times (I plus J plus K) plus C2 times (I minus J plus K) and third is C3 times (I plus J minus K). Okay, and now you collect the coefficients. So for I here, that is C1 from this first one, plus C2, plus C3, right? So that is I. Then the coefficients of J, so that is C1 minus C2 plus C3, right? And that's J. Plus collect the coefficients of K, that is C1 plus C2 minus C3, right? And that is K. And now you have three equations. So you have C1 plus C2 plus C3 that is equal to 3. This one is equal to 7, and this one is equal to 9, right? So basically you have three equations with three variables. Okay, and then you solve and get the values of C1, C2, C3. And if all of them are not equal to zero, so that means you can always write this particular vector in terms of these three vectors. And then you can generalize it. You can say, why these three? I can take any other vector. Okay, so you can have xI plus yJ plus zK. And again, you can equate the coefficients. So these can be any real numbers. Okay, so here you create the coefficients for C1, C2, and C3 in terms of x, y, and z. And then if it is non-zero, if one of them is non-zero, that means you can write any given vector in terms of these three vectors. And then we don't have to just limit ourselves to these three particular vectors. Okay, you can generalize them, as I was saying earlier. So you can have x1 I plus y1 J plus z1 K. And similarly, you can have x2, y2, z2. And you can have xP, yP, zP. Okay, and then you can write this thing in terms of these ones, okay? Again, you'll be able to find the coefficients C1, C2, and C3 in terms of x, y, z, and all this x1, y1, z1, x2, y2, z2, and so on. So you should always be able to find non-zero values. So that is the whole idea. Okay, so thanks. But the question is for four vectors, right? Yeah, so that's what I'm saying. So you take three vectors and then any fourth vector can be expressed in terms of those three vectors, correct? Okay, we can start with four vectors initially also. Yeah, so that's what I'm saying. So you start with these four vectors. Your set of vectors is this one, this one, this one, and this one. Okay, so these are your four vectors. How do those four vectors work? You take three, you choose three, and you...