This is one of the tensors which I want to create, and then I'm going to print it. So, as you can see here, it looks like a NumPy array, right? If you would have used NumPy, it would have pulled it in a NumPy array, but now it is saying that it is a tensor. So yes, it is the same as a NumPy array. They said it's nothing different than NumPy, right? But yes, when going to the n-dimensional space, tensors are more flexible and easy to use compared to NumPy arrays. All the matrix operations and calculations you can do in parallel with the GPU, which is difficult with NumPy arrays. So that is the main difference. In terms of look and feel, it will give you the impression that you're using the GPU. Nothing different, really. But there is one thing. You can use many other types of tensors when you want to create them. For example, there is something called torch.empty. You can use torch.empty, and you can decide what size you need. For example, say that B is the variable in which I'm storing this particular tensor, and if I run it, it will show output like this. Now, what does it mean? You can see that there are 2 rows here—the 1st row and the 2nd row—and there are 3 columns. In this part, I have given the size of the tensor that I want. But then you can also see there are some numbers which I never initialized, okay? I said that I need a 2 by 3 tensor, and I said that it should be empty. But what I'm getting as a return is some numbers in the 2 by 3 tensor. So what you have to understand by this is that when you say torch.empty for a 2 by 3 tensor, in the memory—consider that you're using the RAM—in the memory, space for a 2 by 3 tensor is allocated. By default, it is float32, so suppose you require 8 bytes per element, then one, two, three, four, five, six. Okay, 6 into 8. Those many bytes would be assigned somewhere in the memory. We don't know where, and we don't have any control over it. But wherever those 48 bytes are given to us, those locations already have some numbers in them. Those locations already have some numbers because maybe that space was used by some other program earlier. Possible, right? Possibly, because RAM is shared memory. Multiple programs use the RAM. Someone uses it, then frees that space so that someone else can use it. Something like that. So once this particular space is given to us, there are already some numbers which are stored in those locations. Hence, you can see these numbers. We have never initialized these numbers for this particular tensor, but then you can see some numbers. So you can treat these numbers as garbage. You can see them as garbage. They are not numbers which you have ever initialized in your slice. So it is garbage.