Outcomes are not certain like tossing dice—there are multiple possible outcomes. But do you have this happening all the time? Every time, like only certain substitutions, this kind of thing happens? I mean, we don't go around tossing a coin or rolling a die all the time, right? One event is suffering when we are doing the experiment at that time. So there's a binomial choice of things happening under certain conditions. For example, resulting in a job or not—getting a good score. So when there's a positive outcome, there are two or many options. So one more thing is in case of grades, F and other grades—which options, the market can go down. They' the chest of our. It helps. Weather is also a probabilities, sir. I think cards have probabilities. Based on the open cards, you can decide whether, let's say in poker, definitely. But even in other cases, you can assess your chances. Okay? But in day-to-day life, I mean, things are not that way. I mean, most of your situations are not made on probabilities, right? So when you open the door, I mean, you unlock your door—you turn the key or whatever it is. Then there's only one outcome. It will open, right? There are different types of experiments. One is a deterministic experiment where the outcome is known and we don't have to generally follow the principle of uncertainties. We don't have to worry about probability. The other one is where there is variability and we quantify it with the help of random variables—whether discrete or continuous. And that's where we need probability to quantify how much is the favorability or unfavorability. For example, what are balls at 100 degrees? So the probability is one. I mean, even a deterministic experiment is a subset of probability. It's a stochastic experiment, but the probability is at one. But for a stochastic experiment, like, let's say we flip a coin. If I try to find out multiple experiments like coins, depending upon the number of flips, whether the point will fall down as heads or tails or what would be the outcome depending upon the number of options available—there's nobody's like. Coming down is decided by physics, right? Yes, it is decided by physics, but there are random variable factors like air density and then friction. So I realize that you can even find out both things also—like how much is the air resistance and how much is the speed rate at that particular time and all those things you can find out. But fluid dynamics are still not as deterministic as structural dynamics. So let's say we flip a coin in a windy area where the density of air is relatively different compared to still air—it's not to the windy area and the inside one, close to okay? Where there's no wind blowing or nothing is happening. Now, to a coin, then can you tell me the outcome? Because there is so much variability there now, right? Yes, but the person...