He's rejecting your what? Okay. And for some work which you have not done, so you have not put so much effort, you have not paid any attention, but still you have got some result. Good result. So, it means basically man disposes, but God proposes. Okay. So like that is the environment, that is the job of the reinforcement learning. So this is a randomly generated policy, it shows the value of living in this state is 0.955. We have another policy in this book itself is given. The values are... okay, look at this. There are 2 policies. One is "go get it" policy, you can see the naming, right? "Go get it" policy, a greedy policy. A human being, he is a greedy man. He wants to do the goal. That is why this book is a very good book for me. It's okay, going. Okay. So there are 2 policies. One is "go get it" policy, the other is "honest careful" policy. Look at the direction of action. From the start state, you are taking right-hand side, right-hand side, right-hand side, reaching to this particular cell. That is this value. Then you take left-hand side, not have. Then you take a downside, downside, downside here, and then you're taking right-hand side, you are reaching the goal, okay? So you may think this is a very good policy. Goodman has, in the current scenario, every man is becoming greedy. Okay, in this situation, you look at this policy is good. You may think that this is good policy. Even if you take this action, this set of actions, you start from here, you go to this cell, 0.460 is the value of this year. From here you go here, okay? Then again, you go to this cell. From there, you go to this cell, and then down, then go to right, you reach this goal state, okay? So what is the value under this policy, under this "go get it" policy? What is the value for the start state? It is 0.342, okay? Now look at this. This is a careful policy. Careful, Siri is not a greedy man. It takes steps by thinking a lot, okay? Now look at the hello result for this state. It is 0.407, okay, 0.407. And look at the value for this, this, under this policy, it is 0.03, a much lesser value. Even though it is a greedy policy, to any human being, even when I was reading six months back this book, I was thinking about this as a very good policy, but after reading this book two, three times, I understood, oh man, I was making a big mistake. Without developing the policy, I was thinking this is a very good policy. I can be the worst state. But look at here in this action, this set of actions, on the start state, I take a left-hand side. I am hitting the wall. Because of the stochastic state, I may go into this cell, or I may go into this cell. Why? Suppose I go into this particular cell? What is the action prescribed by this policy? The action is again go and hit another wall by taking a left-hand side. So because of the stochastic cell, you may be landing to the dead state here, automobile landing to this state. So learning this state, your action is specifying preserving to that on the upside direction.