In cost for profit reduces, so the investors' profit of the investor reduces. Look, I just put a six minus nine minus six: 3%. Enter 3% is the profit of the bank is what I made, but it is not really 3%. Some portion of it goes out as rent, as electricity expenses, and all the other stuff. Okay, well. Now, let's come back here, okay? Most of my classes are running one or two hours for it is okay, or you people have to let me know. Are we okay to continue? 10 minutes, okay? Okay, fine. So the maximum loan I could give was based on the size of my balance sheet. All right? I can't collect what I don't have. So the maximum profit I can make was the difference in interest from all the depositors, whatever the total size of my balance sheet, plus the investors' capital, the full—whatever is the interest I get, I get the whole stuff. That's the max calculation you can get. Now, if you say investor is now telling the bank manager or whoever is running the bank, do something, increase my profits. So what are the options available for the bank manager? The options for the bank manager are to do agency business or fee business. The agency business would be: I will sell mutual funds on commission. I will sell insurance policies on commission. Okay? Whether the mutual fund does good or bad, the bank manager is not really bothered. The person is saying: the more I sell insurance, the more I sell mutual funds, it's all commission. I'm making commission income. Is there a limit on how much commission income I can make? Anyone? Hmm. Profit was about 45,000 rupees, right? Over three years. Yep. But if the bank manager sells insurance and let's say the commission is 5%—insurance commissions for the first year can be outrageously high. Okay, we'll talk about it when we come to the insurance module. There is a high on that stuff. But assume 5% simple. Okay. Insurance commissions can be a lot higher than 5%. Okay? He's selling insurance worth 100 crores. Is making—see, straight. Where is 5 crores versus 45 lakhs here, right? There is no limit to the fee income. But the interest income is capped based on the size of your balance sheet. There are other ways to get around it when we get into securitization and stuff like that—we'll talk about it. But in the simplest concepts, there's a cap on interest income based on the size of my balance sheet. Fee income has no limits. It's all how good a salesman you are to sell more and more products on behalf of someone. Now, the quick homework which I will ask all a few people to do is go look at from your own teams, because I want this to become a team-based activity. When you're able to do your submissions for each staff, you'll have to make a submission for banking. And while you provide all your points of views, I also want to be able to look at quick one Indian bank and one foreign bank. Look at the balance sheet over the last three years, five years, whatever it may be—maybe three—pick three years. Figure out how much of the balance sheet...