You're on mute. Yeah, so good evening everyone. I'm Wafa. I am a PhD scholar working under the guidance of Dr. Prasan Asir. So today we will have a hands-on session on generative AI for research exploration, okay? Specifically, we will be looking into topic exploration, scoping, and literature review. So let me give you a quick introduction to this tool. I'm going to share this link in the chat box. This is a repository where you have all the details for tools. It is arranged in such a manner that for particular topics, you can see what AI tools we can use. I've put all things across here. Whichever is a generative AI tool is highlighted with a blue colour and has a tag "gen AI". The tools which are not generative AI, like other tools used in research, are shown without this tag, okay? I've shared you the link. You all can go ahead and explore. Moreover, you can also set your name here. For example, Wafa. Then continue. You can add the tool. You just have to select the research stage. For example, if you feel that this generative AI tool is very helpful and it is not present in this topic, what you can do is click on it, select it, name the tool, okay? And just mention whether it is a generative AI tool or other tool which is used for research. You can mark it if it is generative AI. Then you can provide the tool link, followed by documentation link. Suppose somebody wants to go through the documentation, it can be easier for them. You can also mention strengths and limitations, and which domain specifically it can be used in or a wider range. You can mention that as well, followed by an example, okay? Then just click on "add tool" and the tool will be added. So you can all try. Let me first begin with topic exploration, okay? Before I go for topic exploration, we will see how to use AI ethically, okay? First comes ethics. You have to always remember that AI is your assistant. It's not your author, okay? You can actually use AI to brainstorm ideas, then to refine directions, and also to summarize papers. But you are the final judge and you are going to validate it, okay? Validation must always come from you. There are five principles. First, don't paste confidential or unpublished data directly into the AI, okay? Moreover, you have an option here. For example, if you are going into ChatGPT, you can go to settings. Not settings, sorry—it's preferences or personalization. You can mention and personalize it as per your requirement. For example, you don't want the AI to just give you bland answers like "you are right, you are always correct." All those personalizations can be done using the settings. You can just go to preferences.