Policy Evaluation. So I think most of you have executed this yourselves and got a feeling about what policy evaluation is doing. Today I'll do it for the Frozen Lake environment. The formula remains the same. Let me open the PDF.

Okay, so today we'll do this for the Frozen Lake thing. Let me give you a recap of the exercise we're doing here. The value function, let's write it as V(s) where s is any given state. This value function will be evaluated iteratively. At iteration K+1, the value function at state s depends on the value function already computed at iteration K, as given on the right-hand side. So s is the current state for which you want to evaluate the value. That value is dependent on the next state, s', which comes as a result of your chosen action, and the previously obtained value at state s' from iteration K. We're going to use this value function relation for all of these.

Today we're going to do it for the Frozen Lake environment. There's one question in that equation. When we normally see this, we look at the case of state s at iteration K and state s' at iteration K+1. But here we're saying iteration K+1 for state s, and at the end we say iteration K and state s'. This seems somewhat counterintuitive—like future and past.

Yes, it's getting difficult to follow. You've said it rightly—this counterintuitive reversal of future and past. So here's how it works. How many steps are remaining for you to reach the goal? That's denoted by this iteration. If K+1 steps are remaining and currently you're at state s, you take one action. That means one timestep is lost, so you're left with K timesteps. With K timesteps remaining, what are the possible states you can reach from state s? The possible states are denoted by s'. When you go to state s', how many steps are remaining? Only K steps. So that value should be known to you beforehand in order to calculate the value for state s when you have K+1 timesteps remaining. You take one decision, go to the next state, and you're left with K timesteps. That's what is called sequential decision making. With every decision you take, you move to the next step, and at every step you lose one timestep.