Recording in progress. The dictionary file for Python is available here. I'll show you. This is a transition probability table. The dictionary file is given here. So look at this. I speak Python. This part is the bandit environment from the last class. I have not started anything new. This is the environmental description. You have only three states: 0, 1, and 2. For each and every state, you have to take an action that is given inside this curly braces, so it is a nested dictionary. You have to take one action, either left or right. 0 stands for left, and 1 stands for right. For each and every action, you are going to get a probability. This is the probability of getting into the next state. The next state is given here as the next index, then it is the reward. Okay? Then it is whether the next state is a terminal state or not. Okay, so this is the description. It is given here in this book itself. If you import Gymnasium library from Python, just type this: import gym. Then you get this gym.env, and you will get this environment file. You don't have to do any writing by yourself. You don't have to do any hardcoding of this part from here to here. You don't have to do any hardcoding, okay? If you just call these 2 functions, these 2 lines, you'll be getting the same thing here. Okay. For the bandit slippery environment, your transition probability will become 0.2 because the floor is slippery. From state 1, if you take action 0, that is the left-hand side action, the next state will be either 0 or 2. State 0 will have 0.8 probability and state number 2 will have 0.2 probability. What is the reward for going to that state? That is given here in the third index. This is the reward. If you go to state number 1, the reward is 1. The last index indicates whether the state you are getting into as the next state is a terminal state or not. Until now, this is from the Frozen Lake problem. Okay. So today's class, I'm going to start with what is called a policy. Till now, we have described only the environment: state, action, transition probability, the reward for taking one step, and then you have gamma, which is called the discount factor. For each and every action that you take, each is the horizon, or in other words, the total number of trials or total number of episodes you are going to take. So your entire trial... Let's say there's an important thing that I didn't tell you: what is called an episode and a trajectory. Let me go and show you. Let's say you start from state number 0. The Frozen Lake environment problem has a 4 by 4 grid, okay. So one episode, from any state, specifically, we start from state number 0. But theoretically, you can start from any non-terminal state. You start...