There are total five members, I think. Sir, while you're sharing, I'll come up and just briefly tell you in one second. So my original problem statement was something very internal to software development life cycle, etc. Then I had switched companies and now I'm in a telecom company, telecom stack. So there we are getting many use cases like customer experience. For an app like Airtel, when you go there, you know, how to get a seamless customer experience. And there are several use cases for the vendor like Airtel. And then everybody is, I mean, there are some non-research papers, but then there are some articles which are telling the usage of agents in orchestrating a very seamless experience and how to get the customer attention, etc. A lot of metrics and a lot of, you know, formulas they come up with. So I wanted to explore that because then that could be a convergence with my job. And the only thing is, I'm not getting AI papers on that because this is a very, very niche field. So what I'm thinking is, one way on the technology side, please, I'll be exploring on the technology side. And on the domain side, I'll look for any other literature which is available, etc. So I'm going to give it a try after my exams. They get a three-week window. So during this time, I'm going to give it a try to see if, you know, that's a feasible or a plausible area. I'll submit some things, some of my thinking in one document. I don't know, my screen blacked out first. Let me just send it over WhatsApp, sir. One minute. I don't know what's happened. Actually, hello. Can you hear me? Are you using a MacBook? Yes, sir, yeah. Okay, yeah. So that is why it creates a problem at the very first time, okay? Is it? Okay, yeah. So you are sharing that, you share the entire screen. It is screen, okay. That's the option and first time you need to go into the settings and need to be enabled because of security reasons, it doesn't amount. Oh, I see. Okay. What I see right, sir? It became a black screen, the whole Google Meet, right? I see it as a black screen. I cannot change now. Initially, as you said, it was asking to enable a couple of settings and stuff. I was trying to do all this thing and then some of the settings you had not allowed. That is why. Oh, I see. Okay, I get that. Let me just. Okay, no issue. We are switching to another. If it is possible, you can just explain to me. I can try that, right? A general query to all of you. You do one thing, you just. That seat that I am saying, along with that, daily, whatever we are discussing, we just populate it. It will even help me get all the things and then we not on the tracks. Okay, let's say today Ruby had explained something to me. I think on the last, CI explained something else. Okay, so the point is that we need to fix the problem there. Then only we are able to make progress. If we don't fix the problem and meanwhile if you are changing the domain or companies.