So basically, the project idea that I'm working on currently is an agent AI framework for integrating physical and mental health management. Honestly speaking, when I had some mental health issues last year, I realized the importance of how these two are interconnected. I'm working under Mr. Ramesh's mentorship, and right now I'm proposing the idea that we should have some agenting framework that can help us bridge the gap between physical and mental health.

Wait, this is not expected. They have clearly told what is to be done in this seminar. I don't want this draft to look incomplete in my second seminar. So in the first seminar, I was supposed to present: what is your broader topic area of research? How did you go about scoping your topic? With reference to that, how did you use generative AI tools for literature review? Different generative AI tools are available for doing that. I think this is totally not expected. This is not required for us. So I may have to look into this order.

I think I misunderstood the requirement for this. Sir, I spent a lot of time explaining, and the last session was only to explain that. Anyway, we cannot continue with this project as I did not expect it. Other staff may be involved, or we could go back to other studies. Can you share the slides? Yes, I have more than slides. I'll try to show how I came up with this topic and used generative AI tools. Other slides are not required. You have to directly go to the website and different links and demonstrate the generative tools. So you're using Comet Research?

Sir, the first generative tool I would like to use—I want to thank Waffa, who conducted the session and provided great details about using Comet. I downloaded Comet as a web-based tool for this research purpose. I'm not feeding anything else into my Comet website. How I got this idea is because in this world of ChatGPT and LLM, answers are provided for everything on the internet. But we forgot one important aspect: questioning. Especially students from 11th and 12th grades, when it comes to competitive exams, we have forgotten the aspect of questioning, reasoning, and critical thinking, especially in the field of physics. I had the idea of bringing a change in the education system. I checked if there are any gaps when it comes to LLMs.