I apply deep research and it usually takes 5 minutes. Give me all the list of files and this list of journals and articles which are needed for my research, so my literature review. I usually do both things, and after I do iterations, I find that something is good. In Gemini, I use nanoburner and VOT to make some illustrations to understand those things and to test them out. I even show how I make illustrations and illustration videos to create more understanding about what I'm going through now.

The third tool is Perplexity. I use it very less compared to the other two because I consider it more as a search engine replacement tool. When I need fixed things and I want fixed things from search, that's when I use Perplexity. Even there we get research tools, but there is one specific thing with academic documents where I need something specific, and that's when I go for Perplexity.

Now I'll take you to the tools which I use. First, ChatGPT. In ChatGPT, I majorly use the free version. We have something called web search. I usually enable it when I'm trying to find documents or that kind of thing. When I want a very quick and short answer, I use web search. When I want a list of things I know, deep thoughts that are matching correctly, that's when I use deep process. But deep process takes around 5 to 10 minutes to give back a response.

Another thing I mainly use is making projects inside ChatGPT. ChatGPT allows us to make something called projects. Whenever we make a new project, we end up having multiple conversations on the same things. If we make a project in ChatGPT, all conversations we have will be in the same folder and everything will have the context there. For example, if I have 5 to 10 literature papers and I add them all in the same project folder, all 5 files' context will be there in the same project, so I can have a conversation with all of it. While studying those things, I enable the study and learn more feature, which helps me. After a certain point, it asks me MCQs so I can answer those and track where I am at level-wise.

That's the first tool I use. In Gemini, here is a small illustration as an example. I made a React illustration. If I click, we can study these things rightly. These kinds of illustrations I make using Gemini to understand more things. I have one more illustration. These kinds of illustrations, what we have, we can do. This is related to my project.