So variance is equal to expectation of x minus mu squared, right? Let's say probability is equal to x minus m squared, right? Okay, very sorry. Variance is equal to E of (x minus mu)². So inside that there is a mu, right? Let's say the probability is evenly distributed. So for instance, if it is a probability of a dice or a coin where the probability is evenly distributed across each event, then there is no difference between the average arithmetic mean and the expectation. Is that you? Yeah, that's what we discussed when we reduce this expectation, right? So they said like the average that we deal with—so expectation reduces to average when all the properties of all the events are the same. Okay, okay. So we say that we're going to add a bunch of numbers, right? So let's say 1 plus 2 plus 3 plus 4. Okay. So we say the average of this is 1 plus 2 plus 3 plus 4 divided by 4, right? Yes, yes. The probability is taken out. Yes, the probability basically is one by four. Okay? Yes, yes. Now suppose each one of them has some different properties. This one has property P1, this is with P2, this is with P3, P4. Say that all PIs sum to one. Okay, okay. Then your expectation will be 1 times P1 plus 2 times P2 plus 3 times P3 plus 4 times P4, right? Yes. And now when all the properties are the same—P1, P2, P3, P4 are all the same—that is they equal one by four—then you can see that the same reduces to this, right? Yeah, so that is the thing. Okay, so the next question is about the moments of different orders. So actually, they gave us the formula. When r is equal to 0, mu naught is equal to 1. When r is equal to 1, mu naught is equal to 0. So I mean, I cannot understand how you arrive at that conclusion. Maybe not a full proof, but at least some intuition, right? Yes, sir. So how did you arrive? Okay, so when r is zero—then whether it is a raw moment or central moment—then x to 0, it will become 1, because x to the zero is 1. Okay, okay, yeah. But how are you so sure that mu zero is equal to 1? Maybe you can substitute it in this formula? (Audio interruption) Yes, we are here now. Hello, I love the triple. Okay, sir. Yeah, so I was explaining the central moment. So let's focus on the central moment. Okay? Yes. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. So the expression was... If you're sharing screen, it is not visible. Oh okay, I think I understand. Yes, yes. Yeah, it's even simpler. Thank you. Okay. Hello? Yeah, so we said mu zero is equal to 1. So this is like mu zero is the summation of (x minus mu) to the power 0 and f(x), right? Yes, sir. And if this one is equal to 1, then you'll just have to do summation of f(x), and that is 1 for all outcomes of x, ray. Yes, sir. Same for you also. Okay. I mean, but how can mu take any value? Even if anything to the power zero is 1, mu can't take any value. So why do you take mu? But then this thing inside—it can take any value, right?