No, I think if I'm missing something. It's some assignment which we have to work on. That's what our sir mentioned like the Hackathon problem statement, right? Yes, yes, yes. So actually, today's task is like which I was last time, like demonstration of a few types with respect to data analytics like Java and SQL as well as Hadoop. Okay. So for a few minutes, that is planned. The water service was inspected initially serving address regarding this one. I am out to do the demo. I will again clarify regarding the final examination and like submission assignment and presenting my individual project. Yes, that is what I was changing. That's fine, if it is already planned. Okay, yes. Several will definitely address that today in this session, sir. Sure, give me one minute. Is there already? Sir, yeah, can you? Yes, able. Yeah. Good afternoon, sir. I pronounce that. I'm joining from Apostle. Sir, let's start with this. I was actually waiting. You may have to order then for a few minutes. Or else I will start it as per discussion. Yeah, related to distinct the query about this. So what we thought is that we scheduled some presentations for a release. If you, I think you got the schedule, right? Yes, sir. Yes, sir, yes. It would be part. She told me this. And then thank you for referring to this. The schedule for max. Thank you, thanks a lot. Yeah, fine. No problem. We are here to help you guys. So what I will try to do is I will post the assignment on next Saturday. Okay, okay, sir. So you'll be having time to submit segments. Okay, I think it is depending on the slot, right? Some people have 11. No, yeah. Everybody has to settle. Assignment this thing on the seventh. Everybody has to submit. The presentations will be taken in different schedules. Okay, to whatever you submitted on, that only you need to present on the presentation day. Okay, okay. Details will come. Otherwise, if I create different times for different people, then I know unnecessary issues will come. So what I will do is the seventh, everybody has to submit. The seventh, you know, that is a hard deadline. So don't you know, I'll try to ask for additional extension because it's an app exam. See, we are supposed to conduct an exam in three hours, but I don't want to do it as unnecessary burden will happen for you guys also. So let you guys take time, but the only thing is, please adhere to the deadline. The seventh morning you should be able to submit by 10 a.m. Okay, one week's time is there. In that one week you try to figure out the solution for that assignment. Okay, Saturday, exactly. Or if you want, you know, Friday night only. Okay, you take time till the 7th and you submit the same. This week only. No, no, no, no, no. That is not. No, I should give a reasonable time, right? Courage and it shouldn't pay on any less time. The 29th will be fine, sir. Yeah, so otherwise, 29th, 13th morning.