Recording in progress. Once you start following the video lecture and practice it by track, that will help you. These are good concepts to get into. So if you quickly recall, you have a 2-layer network, meaning a feed-forward 2-layer network with one input layer that is linear to each layer. In the perception layer, you can deal with linearly separable classes that we discussed in London. But there are representation problems, hard problems. If the classes are not linearly separable, then a single-layer perceptron is not sufficient. That's why people went for two-layer and three-layer perceptrons. With a three-layer perceptron and one input layer, a four-layer network will be able to do any type of machine learning task. That is the conceptual framework they proposed. But it resulted in a next challenge in the feed-forward network, which is called the hard learning challenge. People now have a framework for dealing with any complex machine learning task. However, they do not know how to train that framework or train that neural multilayer perceptron. It nearly stalled the field for a decade or so. After that, some researchers proposed what is called the backpropagation learning algorithm. That is what will be explained, and how to put it onto Python will also be demonstrated. As a quick recall, any feed-forward network when we take and consider using it for a machine learning task in a supervised way, we have input data given and corresponding output data is given. Input-output patterns are given. Then as per the perception learning, if I know the target output, then the actual output comes out of the perceptor. Then take the error between the two and use it to adjust the weight. Now, if you see in this figure, I have a three-layer network where two are perceptrons and one is the input, which is a linear layer. For the output layer, which are named as one, two, et cetera, capital K, we know the target output. Since we know the target output and we know the input at the input layer, once I know the target output and I know the actual output, I can get the error. And then it's easier to adjust the output perceptron layer. Whereas the hidden perceptron layer, we do not know the target output. Since I do not know the target output, I cannot compute the error between the target output and the actual output. That is why they are called hidden layers because we don't have access to the target output of that layer. If I do not know the error, I will not be able to adjust the weights leading to the links to the hidden layer, that is W K, W I J H, which is shown in the figure. Those weights I cannot adjust. And that was called the hard learning problem.