Thank you. Recording in progress. So, the policy iteration algorithm has two main steps. First, you start with any given policy, any random policy. Then you evaluate the policy. After evaluation is completed, you get a value for each and every cell. After finding out the values, then you do a policy update. Policy update means the action that you want to take in each and every cell. You have to just change a little bit in some of the cells. You would not change all the cells at the same time. You change one or two cells, or maybe two to three cells, not more than that. Some of the actions need to be changed only in two to three cells. Okay, so you get a new policy. That new policy again, you run policy evaluation. You find out the value for each particular cell under the new policy. Again, with the new policy, you will have to change some actions in a particular cell, or two or three number of cells. You get a new policy, and again you run policy evaluation. So that is what the policy iteration algorithm does. Okay? So now I'll show you what the policy iteration algorithm is, and then I will come up with the mechanism for doing that. Okay, so the algorithm is not that hard here, no. So let me just write it down here. In the book also it is written in the next page itself. In the last class we finished up here. Once the policy evaluation is completed, you will get the value for each and every cell under every policy. Okay? After that, your job is to find a new policy that will improve your value in each and every cell. So if I want to compare between two policies, policy one and policy two, how do we compare? The mechanism is finding out the value for each and every cell. If the value under policy two for each and every cell has some value which is greater than its corresponding cell in policy one, then we say policy two is a better policy than policy one. Okay. Now, our job here is to find out a better policy at every iteration. Okay, so that is what is called policy improvement. So for doing that, you can start with any random policy and then update a few of the actions in particular two to three cells. You get a new policy. Again, with that new policy, you do policy evaluation. You get the value for it in every cell. Okay, and then you change one or two cell actions, you get a new policy. But how do you find out which cells where you want to change the actions? That is the direction. Okay, so you cannot find it randomly. The particular cells in which you want to change the actions, you cannot do it randomly. If you do it randomly, then there is no end to this algorithm. So we need to find some kind of mechanism to determine which particular cell wherein I can change the actions, okay? So here it is given how to do greedy improvement. It is like you can evaluate many policies.