Now, all of these are based on some industry notations. You could flip the notations and operate differently, but the industry generally operates with some standard time. So if you really look at this CR here, it's slightly less than 10%. 4,000 by 40,000 would mean 10%, but 4,000 by 41,000 means you're possibly getting slightly less than 10%, but it is rounded to 10% in the current calculation. This is the capital adequacy ratio, which banks are expected to maintain. Based on this calculation, the bank is currently maintaining 10%. But if the regulatory requirement says you must maintain 15%, what should the bank do? If you really look at this, you want 15%. So I have to either increase the numerator or reduce the denominator. If it's an increase of the numerator, you could possibly issue some new shares, go for an equity rights offering, or whatever. You have to go for an equity investment. What is the price of that investment? You can't do an IPO if you're already an IPO or have something else. Or you'll try to get some parent capital. So what is tier-one capital? I see that they're okay. Sometimes while you sit here, there are also sector queries already? Yes, sir, I am in financial analytics. Okay, okay. So now the only concern is that very few students have chosen this. When we had a detailed discussion with Giri sir and other faculty members running this particular program, it was told that each elective should have a minimum of 10 students so that the curriculum grows well and also peer-to-peer learning happens. So we wanted to check your preferences because only three students have taken financial analytics, which is very unlikely. That course would not run. In fact, when I spoke to another student just now, he chose AI as first preference or Gen AI as second preference. So we wanted to understand how you would like to proceed. No, actually, there were two electives I was asked to choose. Initially, I was having SNLP and GII, and then I changed it to financial analytics because I was able to get some relevant projects and move accordingly. So what are my options? Like, can I choose from the remaining four electives, or will it be Gen AI only? Gen AI is a very popular one and also quite relevant with the current sum. That's why most students have chosen it. It has more than 60 students, so I'm sure the peer-to-peer learning effect would be much higher there. You can, for sure, choose Gen AI. If you feel otherwise, that's when we need to understand, because if we need to do this in two or three rounds, we will take your preference, check with others, and see what they would like to say. Around 60% of people in Gen AI, or 60 people in Gen AI?