Recording in progress. Excellent, Desert. This one? Let me see this one. Okay, so if you can recall this particular plot, which we had seen earlier also, where we had this on the x-axis we were having the parameter, say that parameter is W11, W11, okay? And on the y-axis, we have loss. So what we said is that if I change one unit in W11, how much change it brings in the loss, that itself is known as partial derivative or gradient, okay?

Now, my loss is depending on each and every parameter in the network. So what we are trying to do in back propagation is we are trying to see if I change one unit in that particular parameter, like W11, W12, B1, B2, whatever the parameter is, how much change it is bringing in the loss? Because as X will change, Y will change, and it depends on what the slope is, what the gradient is. And that change—that must-change—we want to bring in the next iteration when we feed the next input. And to see that, okay, by changing that much in this particular parameter, then whether it is reducing my loss or increasing my loss or whatever it is.

Okay, so that was the intuition behind it—that's why we were changing. Why did we not stop only at the output layer? Because my ultimate Y-hat was depending on V1, way to V3. But no, it is not the case. Although it looks like that, but then W11 and W12 and all other parameters are also connected with the Y-hat in a nested fashion. Hence, we decided to change each of these parameters, okay? I think this is clear—that's why we go ahead and change all those parameters.

Now, the point is the concept of gradient. So once we decide that each and every parameter we need to update, we have an update rule. And in the update rule, we have seen, right, here again that we have this part which is called gradient. So this gradient has a significant role. You can say in this particular question that whatever this gradient is, based on that my update will happen for that particular parameter.

So the point is I am already told about why gradient and the concept of gradient. The ultimate goal is that we need to minimize the loss, and the gradient says the relative change of loss with respect to a particular parameter. And now we understood that my loss depends on all the parameters. Whatever the connection, in a fully connected network, your loss depends on all the parameters. And hence, we decide to change those parameters. And for that, we need the gradient because we don't know how much to change, and that's where this gradient will help us. In order to go to the minima, this much change you should do at this particular iteration, okay? So that's why the gradient is required.

So the gradient value, if you see, if that gradient is greater than zero, the gradient, what we don't want for the gradient...