Recording in progress. We didn't begin with the evaluation criteria, and some students recently presented ChatGPT related tools. We too will present slide decks because both these things are very important from your research point of view. We want you to present and share your exploratory journey. The one thing I'll be evaluating is your explanation, through which I can determine the depth with which you have analyzed the tools—specifically generative AI tools for literature review purposes. Based on the time grade, okay? Then, I will evaluate that at 30%. I give a valuation for that. Then, finally, at the end of the semester, I want you to submit the literature review report. That time you get 25% weightage. I'm expecting this to be a draft ready for submission to some venue. And the final slide deck which you submit after the second seminar—whichever slide deck is your final one—this is my final slide deck for my literature review report. That is 10% weightage. I keep 10% for attendance. And there are no class notes to be submitted for these. There is nothing. You just have to listen to this one. Then, what is important is: In the first seminar slot, you get a 10-minute slot. You have to describe the different tools—of course, if you're prepared with a slide deck to show. But what is most important for me is that you share your screen and open that generative tool and show an online demo. How are you using the generative tools to do the literature review? Similarly, another five to 10 minutes for that—5 minutes for a slide deck representation. The time rate for that is 30%. Then after that, in the second seminar cycle, this goes for the first 7 weeks, where all of you will get a 1-on-1 slot to demonstrate your proficiency in using the generative AI tools for literature review and slide presentation. Then after 7 weeks, when the second cycle starts, in that second cycle, I want you people to display your literature review report and explain the literature in your report. At that point in the second cycle, I look for how complete the literature review report is and how good your slide presentation is. I will evaluate that as well. That evaluation will be considered as part of your 20%—10% weightage—that is going to be part of the term. But the final report you're going to submit at the end of the semester is 25%, and the slide deck is 20%. So after the second cycle, suppose you present the draft literature in your report, I'll give you some comments on the slides as well. Then you're supposed to present one more seminar with your supervisor at your convenience. You present the seminar about your literature review and also show the report to him because he will also be evaluating your work.