Still the same. No, sir, it is down, please. Yeah, it is loading now, sir. Maybe my internet is slow. Yeah. No. Is it coming? I mean, it's showing that the startup screen is on now. Yeah, now it is. Yeah, is it changing? Yes, yes, yes. Okay. So, in the last session, we discussed the deep learning course and what we are planning, including the evaluation plan. Then Dr. Sunil took over and started introducing PyTorch compared with TensorFlow. We are extending that in this session as well because PyTorch is one of the main user toolkits, especially when you are doing deep learning related work. My suggestion, or you can take it as a humble request: you people should watch both the sessions - the last session with PyTorch related information and also today's session - and do the hands-on work by yourselves. Otherwise, you will really start falling behind because in the following session, unless you have comfort with PyTorch, you will lag behind. So that's why I wanted to tell you this. Now, to start the course: as mentioned in the course plan, since deep learning models are historically connected to the concept of artificial neural networks, we will briefly present some basic concepts and terminologies in neural networks, which are useful for better understanding of deep learning concepts. These are not exhaustive because typically in some universities, and nowadays may not be, but earlier when we studied neural networks, deep learning was not there. Here, we are not going to do that - just one session to introduce you to the important terminology of neural networks. Generally, when we are discussing neural networks, or more specifically, we call it artificial neural networks. And they are recent avatars of deep learning models. We equate them to the human brain. I'm not going to explain this figure, but I just want this shape to be reflected in your mind - that there is a misconception that we are trying to correct. We have derived some theory behind the human brain. Look at it. For the development of these neural networks, from a computing field point of view: both neural networks and deep learning models are computational models whose structure and functioning are inspired by the structure and functioning of the human brain. So accordingly, both neural networks and deep learning models only mimic some of the cognitive functions. But they will not be a difficult real-time model of the brain or something. That is what we have to understand because, otherwise, we are underestimating the power of our human brain. We are only using simple, scratched knowledge of the structure and functioning of the human brain in space and coming up with computational models. That is all I want to say.