Okay, let me start. Shall we start? Yes, we can start. Yeah, yeah. Good evening all. Dr. Sunil and myself welcome you back to the journey for the second semester. Good evening, sir. Thank you, thank you. Good evening, all. Good evening. Hope you all had a good experience in the first semester. The fact that you completed the first semester and are continuing for the second semester means that by this time you know the rules of the game. I think you will be able to do well in the following semester. Even if there were any challenges in the first semester, you don't have to worry now. There are no uncertainties. You know this system, you will be able to handle it. That is the point I wanted to make.

This deep learning course is one of the cornerstone courses for data science and AI, and this is the course that Dr. Sunil and myself will be handling. Initially, we thought it would be common for all the super specializations. But now that most of you wish to take generative AI, at least for some of the other specializations, any deep learning technology that we use should be using deep learning models. So that becomes the common course. It's a three-credit course, and we are going to quickly explain the course plan in this slide deck and then the genesis for this deep learning course. Then we'll move on to the first module.

Even though from a course point of view, our slide deck, our videos, and the toolkits that Dr. Sunil will explain should suffice, if you have interest on your own in collecting some good set of books on machine learning and deep learning, you can look at this booklist which is given. These are not required for your courses. We're suggesting them only because we know them for a long time. Many of them are available as PDF copies in the public domain. You can download and keep them.

One thing that I personally referred to while teaching deep learning is Jeremy Howard's FastAI course part one and two from fastai.org, and Andrej Karpathy's course on deep learning from the University of Waterloo. These are publicly available. I used to watch them and based on that experience I will be sharing with you. The latest book on deep learning has also come from a well-known author called Bishop, Deep Learning in 2024. All these things are available in the public domain. If some of you want to go beyond the comfort zone and expand your knowledge, you can access these copies. But from the course point of view, these are not very critical. In the interest of time, everything we give you—the slide deck, video lectures, as well as the hands-on practice—should suffice. One of the things Dr. Sunil and myself had several sessions on is how to handle this course effectively. Based on my experience of handling this deep learning course and that of many other colleagues, in initial offerings people started offering these deep learning courses...