Tahas, I joined. Good evening, sir. Yes, sir. So after something, how do you proceed and start with this evening? Today, or yes, sir, we can start with the CNN first. And when I'll take over, I'll just take you through the PyTorch programming. Okay, okay. Yes, that is what I have. Open, screaming. Yes. Let me also let me know when should I start? We can start sitting around 40 people are there. Okay, is it recording? Okay, so good evening, all. See, uh, we transitioned from multi-layer perceptron to training that deep feed-forward neural net. The next important breakthrough that came in deep learning was the convolution. The use of convolution around it was especially in image processing and computer vision tasks. They were hosting international challenges across the globe for object detection from images. This is their other interest challenge. Before this, even deep learning came into picture. People were trying classical machine learning approaches. But especially, you may know, there is a public repository of ImageNet—a large number of public and crowd-sourced images put there for advancing research in image processing, especially for object detection tasks. Then, I think Professor Hinton's group itself explored the usefulness of convolution around it in object detection tasks. And they demonstrated a very significant increase in performance. Okay? So as a result of that, that is another breakthrough which gave a push or impetus to take the attention of the deep learning model to the next level. Okay. So that is where one of the most versatile deep learning models are convolution neural networks. All of you should invest time in mastering the usefulness of convolutional neural networks. That is what we are going to discuss in this body. The deep feed-forward one, which you studied so far, are just to get a feel for how the transition happened from multi-layer perceptron to the network to the deep network and show some improved performance. The acoustic model, all those things I showed earlier, that improvement in performance. Last time you discussed only till how does ANN and deep learning. We transition by we transition to all that acoustic model. I think you have not explained here. Yeah, that part is... Well, let me then show that so that it makes a transition. Yes, maybe others can comment because it's difficult for me to keep track. Yeah, yes, I do. Let me see whether this advances the concept. Yeah. I'm just opening that and did I explain about this? Any of you can comment, please? About breakthrough and deep learning, then greedy layer-wise training to explain.