So, as I said, teaching is for the best students only. I'll be back. Hello. College impact—is it true? Yes, they are not going to 80. Okay, they will use everything properly. They manage the resources very well. So there's no way I could go inside IIT other than cracking the best with Allen. If you are always a topper in Allen, you have the best chance to go into IIT. But then I'm not. I scored low in my first three exams. So what will happen? There's something called a batch system. Some batch is there, no? Eventually they will get you up, right? So maybe next exam. Okay, yeah. But if you score good enough in the rest of the exams, there is a way to pitch to them. I will talk to them. If we score cent percent in math in Allen, in the important exam, that's enough to talk to them. Even for physics, that will cover it. I understand. The only problem is it's very hard to get full marks in Allen. And if they ask for the textbook, you can blame me, but then they're asking questions outside the textbook. There's nothing mentioned in the textbook. It's not mentioned anything about this, but they're asking about it in the exam in most of the science—physics, chemistry, biology. So, this year being your initial year, they will keep it light. And you know, once you do better, you will be put into the best batch. They will keep watching. Obviously, they will put dummy stuff only now. Based on your performance, you will be grouped and they'll always tag. They have an internal system to do that everywhere. Every system will have that. So eventually they'll pick you up and put you into the right group, right? Staff. So you just need to target for that. You need to hopefully do well. I have no idea, no plan to do or what to do. Help me create a plan. When you create a plan for me, see, I am not losing hope on you. That's the reason I just wanted to spend whatever money it takes for the rest of the years until 12th grade, unlike others. What if I break your home? What if I break your home? What can I do? See, instead of throwing money at a car and college, I just want to throw it now. I'm just hoping that worst case, I might spend a lot of money during your college after spending so much money. But the best case, the best thing to have—you cracking IIT is the best thing to have for the whole family, all of our family, about your family, your family. You need to go into a big branch. So you'll be the first one. There'll be a very proud thing for the whole family, for everyone. I mean, I just want to ambitiously think that that's the only thing we are here for. When you are born, you are here to do something, not just pay 50 lakhs and go to some college, complete it, go and join a simple job and move on. Nothing like that. If you are born here to do something big, and this is the one big thing for you. Once you crack IIT, your part is completely different. You're much different.