Only blood P is more challenging. There are fewer classes, but we have to go deep. No, you have to work more for the passes we're going on. So this is like you are now moving from supervised to unsupervised direction, okay? Right. So ask, sir, what are the topics which you are covering? We will make it semi-supervised, then you will be okay. It will be okay. So you will see all those things now. How much math would be there in the future register? That is what math in becom courses? Yes. Oh, they're only a little bit of math always, I feel. Because once you start learning about the deep learning course next semester, you must be knowing some of the mathematical concepts about CNN and NN, right? Otherwise, I mean, at master's level course, if you don't have some exposure about the math, then it is difficult, right? So my expectation is that whoever says they have done a master's course will quickly understand. You must be doing this. That is all. So there will be math always, I guess. Mathematics courses, you will not have explicitly like you have in the first semester. But some of the courses in deep learning, in the LLM, a little bit when you will learn about the transformer texture, some mathematical intuition will come there. And I suppose some of you who will take it is not much math. There is mostly concept, theory, and hands-on. Okay, rather than having the math. Similarly, I believe from the financial perspective and all, whatever course you will see, there will be some math. Financial, I was actually going through the videos of Andrew and like a lot of videos. Everything is heavy on math, for all. And that is very heavy. Obviously, we don't want to go in that more for now. See, there are different ways of presenting the idea. One is conceptual level, the mathematical intuition behind that, and then the practical and hands-on also. So usually what we have taught at this particular tool, obviously it should have to be a little advanced, so the mathematical intuition has to come. But what Matthew are talking, that is really advanced when you go into the depth of that. This is not required for the industry setting. See, if you are planning to go for PhD, you are doing PhD research or MS, then you are supposed to go into that and understand all those things. But when you are like working in industry, want to know the concept, as well as you want to do some work and go into the black box, understand something, then this is the level where we are right now. So for different tortions, it is different, different settings in which it is. So this kind of level, we can go to the next level of PhD also; it covers many things. Services is not covered at this level and you need to explore many by yourself. For example, I'll tell you, we talked about backpropagation and we have talked about the gradient descent. But when you will go into the gradient and