Okay, so such an architecture is called bidirectional, like a current network and its variants. A recurrent cell can be a simple recurrent cell, or it can be an LSTM, or it can be a gated recurrent unit. Okay, and such a thing is called a bidirectional LSTM. Of course, especially in NLP and other sequence modeling cases, and even in speech and music processing, we can make use of such things extensively to disambiguate the output at any particular portion.

So of course, we have seen that sequence modeling is for denying knowledge from the sequence for prediction or classification. We have RNNs that are designed to look only at the sequence in the past. But many applications exist where the future part of the sequence also needs to be looked at. Both directions mean influenced by both past and future. If only the future part is considered, then it becomes a right-to-left RNN, which is unidirectional. Whereas both directions means influenced by past and future combined. At that point in time, I did not have a proper example. Sunil, if he remembers any other example, he should tell.

But at that time, I remember the Mahabharata statement. Ashwatthama, Ataha. And then he murmured. See this part, no? He murmured, but Ashwatthama he said very prominently. And when his father, I think Dronacharya or somebody, heard that—Ashwatthama is dead—he didn't know if it was his son or something else. What happened was he let his arm fall, and that permission was exploited to defeat Ashwatthama. So that's why Ashwatthama is dead.

But then Yudhishthira confirmed, and I don't know if it was a man or an animal, because Dharmaraja was told that he cannot lie. When Dharmaraja doesn't know, Krishna told him, you are the most trusted person. When you tell something like this, others will believe you. But he told, I cannot say that directly. That's why I told them there's an elephant by name Ashwatthama. We will kill that. And then when you say Ashwatthama is dead, but then you murmur, I don't know if it's a man or an elephant. But when you murmur, they are not able to hear that. So to say, Dronacharya heard only this spot from left to that point—dead point. But if he had learned the future part of the sequence also, then he would have taken a different decision. So that is the way that bidirectional model concept comes into picture.

Maybe Sunil, if you have any other example, you can share it. But this is a simple example I got, but you can imagine your own examples where at any position in the sequence, to take a decision at that point in time, you would like to look at the information available till that point from left to right and also from right to left. Both knowledge you use for doing traditional classification. And that is called a bidirectional sequence model. For example, in a named entity recognition task, you could ask: Is Ashoka a person or a place? So, somebody, if you go for a sentence, Ashoka is a great warrior. But you can also say Ashoka is a good hotel. So you need to look at both directions in the sequence to determine the correct classification.