I'm recording in progress. We start with a quick recap of how LSTM works. We've already covered this in the last class, but we'll do a quick recap. You can ask questions. I'll first explain with some numerical intuition how the operations in the input gate, forget gate, and output gate work. We can have some discussion on those. And then my plan is to take you through the buyers and explain one of the LSTM use cases, which is as a language model for next word prediction. So how to use LSTM for next word prediction is what I have planned. Let me get a nice screen. Good morning, sir. Morning. Okay, alright. So we have only talked about the motivation behind the LSTM architecture. There was some problem, or you could say limitations in the RNN cell in that it cannot remember longer context because that is not built into the architecture. We have a single hidden state which we keep updating. For example, every time we feed the current input, we also have the input coming from the last hidden state, and then we update everything in the hidden state. This line, the upper line showing the last hidden state, we update that itself using the gate where we have tanh activation function, and then this line itself goes to the next time step. What is happening is that this particular vector is now responsible for short-term context, which includes XT, XT minus one, XT plus two. These are the short-term, current context that it is processing. As well as it is also responsible for remembering longer context, say XT minus 100. So the same vector will keep updating at every time stamp and hence it is very likely that it will lose some information in between. This was the main problem in RNN, that it was going towards the vanishing gradient. Hence we tried to address that with the help of the LSTM architecture. We said let us have a separate line for memory. The hidden state is one thing which anyway we will calculate for every time step, but then we will have a separate vector or separate line for memory. Based on the current context, we will try to update our memory. When I say update, you can just forget something from the existing knowledge or you can add something to the existing knowledge. These two are the operations we do at the memory level. And that is why we had the forget gate, input gate, and output gate which are responsible for giving the output for the next hidden state. In the memory, you may have many things, but you don't want to expose everything. The forget gate is the first gate here where you have the sigmoid function. This is a neural network layer.