Where is the rename option? So click on that wide mode too. No, no, here. My view is coming as Akshata. Oh, okay. You're renaming? No, you're right about the file name is whiteboard 2. So is that what you want to change? No, no, no, I just want to change the name of the person talking. Okay. Let me stop sharing and then do it. Perfect. Come here. Got it. Okay, so the use of reinforcement learning. Suppose I write any sentence. Just a sentence. What is? I was being, minding carpet five, 1930. What if I was? So there's no way to go. Actually, how? There's nowhere to use. I was in the 20s, in 1990s. And if I was in electrical, I was an electrical engineer. And growing, concrete, light. Like you say, already develop a country in the Middle East, okay? This is a sentence created by a human being. Now, how does a language model look at it? They will construct a graph out of it. So if they want to generate a sentence, how do they do it? That's what I'm trying to say. If they want to do it, they will generate a graph out of it. Basically, the most important, frequently occurring words that work as a verb or preposition, which come frequently in the sentence, they work as an NTT that can split the sentence into left and right sides on both sides. Look at this was. It will change the colour. How to change the colour? Okay, this is one place. Who was? Okay. In another place again, what's coming here? Look at the rest. The words are not repeated according. Okay? Then you have and, this all connector. I can say connectivity between two parts was. If according, in, in occurred one, two, three places, you forgot two places, okay? So after that, they get it. I get down. After that thought, they will do. They will do like this. So today morning, I is also coming multiple times, okay? Then was. No, from here they will create multiple paths. One path going to this part of the sentence in your one part with an arrow mark. And was lying in my bed. This end also, I will use, okay? Lying in my bed. And this. And what if? So I keep another. So from us I can make another part here that is going to was at the age of. That is in the 20s. Now here, this center is. I can write again from here this end. Again, I create one more path here, one more path here. This end and thinking what if? Thinking. What if I was at the age just taken here? Then this end, something is there. Is there anymore? And here and and here and I was this thing. I was an electrical engineer. Electrical engineer. Okay, this is one part. Then I. Right, my gate is this if. If also splitting. So this part is over and then somehow I come out over here, go here, come out from here like that. It is a random graph, okay? This is our random basically. If so from E I have two paths. I was at age 20s. Then the second part is if I was an electrical engineer. I was and electrical engineering in growing country. So I keep it as...