No, no, traditional node. Then the 3rd node and also on. So the calculation is not over. We have to cancel it again. Yeah. Now we'll complete this, you know, comparing humidity, wind, and temperature against this outlook, then we'll do the rest of the thing. So I can say this outlook depends on humidity, wind, and temperature. No, no, vice versa, you don't have to do. Like, this is the kind of thing where humidity is having much more to say about whether you should play tennis or not. If humidity... sorry, outlook is saying much more compared to humidity, wind, and temperature. Because if you see the data set, if the temperature is hot, okay, in the hot weather it is saying you can play. If it is no, sorry, it is also saying in hot weather you cannot play. No, no. So this is giving you binary use. If the humidity is high, it is saying no, you cannot play. If the humidity is also high, it is saying yeah, you can play. There's no problem. In the wind, if it is weak, say it is no, you cannot play. If it is strong, it is saying no. So there is no, you know, like a continuous kind of saying that whatever that guy is saying that is true all the time—that is not true. But in case of outlook, if you see, the sunny... but there are 3 categorical values. For the sunny, it is saying sometimes it is saying no, sometimes it is saying yes. Okay. So the ultimate decision is whether to play tennis or not. Yes or no? Yes or no, that we are calculating. These other things given are the state of nature. I mean, yeah, these all are actually the data set we are collecting. Okay. Based on that, different combinations are checking whether to play tennis or not. So in this case, due to this overcast feature where every overcast is saying that you should play. Okay, okay, fine. Based on this, the outlook has become much stronger compared to the other academics. So I can understand finally, the decision at root notice: whether to play tennis or not. We are setting this, you know, first ration—we should always go through the outlook. Then the other variables. And finally, on the leaf node, you'll be finding out whether to play or not. Oh, okay. So the idea is, let me draw this one. Oh, good. Now, this outlook first with Jake, it will have 3 levels. The first level is suppose it is overcast. Suppose the second level is sunny? Suppose this one is rain? If it is overcast, okay, if it is overcast, we actually play tennis. You can play the test. There is a leaf note. Successive to that, we don't want. In the sunny, we are having 2 options. It's saying yes and also no. In this rain also, yes, yes and no. Fine. So we need to find more attributes so we can quit to the sun and rain, whatever be the successive outlook. After sunny, what should you check? Whether you should check wind? No. Or humidity in the states. Yeah, okay. When first you check the outlook, it is sunny, whether you should check wind or humidity.