The context, the context at the current time stamp. And then we were doing some linear functionality, right? Linear operation in order to maintain that context. But if the context is very long, then it is very difficult for a single cell to remember that context for a long context. Now, that was the problem which we solved using LSTM, where we had the number of gates: forget gate and input gate. It helped to maintain both short-term context as well as long-term context. So in the LSTM, we were having two separate memories, you can say. One is the long-term memory, CT, and another one is short-term memory, HT. But in the GRU, on the other hand, we said that let us not have two different memories because if you take the human as an intuition, in human memory we don't have two separate memories, right? We have a single memory. Obviously, we do some addition whenever we get new information, and after a certain time, we forget some of the events that we have done in our lives. So those additions and forgetting are happening all the time in our human brain. But we do not have two separate memories for longer context or short context. The same idea, the GRU has proposed. They said that okay, a separate memory cell is not required for long-term context. HT itself can maintain both things, and hence we had this reset gate and update gate. So the reset gate was deciding how much to forget from the memory, whatever state of memory we have right now, and the update gate was helping to make a balance between the old memory, what we have as of now, and the new memory, what we are getting now. Okay, so between these two, how to make a balance and create an altogether new memory state. But what about the GRU? So this is what we have done so far. Okay, so if you have any quick questions, you can ask me, then we will move on to the next topic. Yes, sir. Good morning, sir. So for a GRU, we need a little less length of context when compared to LSTM. I was thinking about the use case set. We have longer context length, then we will use LSTM, but the context length is small, then we can use GRU instead of LSTM. Am I right, sir? Is my understanding correct? See, I would say based on the sequence length, let us not compare these two. No, because the idea is that both LSTM and GRU can handle longer context. Yes, yes. So sequence-wise, let us not differentiate these two. You can try any of these networks, in fact both of them, and then say which one is performing good. Okay, the only thing is that if you want to compare them, you can compare in terms of complexity. Okay, how many parameters we have in LSTM or GRU, and which one is lighter as compared to the other? So GRU is lighter because it has a lesser number of parameters. But sequence length-wise, that is the capability of the network.