What are the key methods? The `__init__` method, the `length` method, and the `get_item` method. So, the `__init__` is quite important—it's the constructor. So whenever you create any object of the dataset class, this constructor will get called automatically. And inside the constructor, we mainly do the loading of the data, which is utilized by the other methods.

Okay, so what is the size of these batches you want? So if it's 32, then we simply divide 100 by 32 to get the number of batches of data in the rules. But that's where `get_item` is used. So, to create the mini batches, we don't just go serially. First, we shuffle the data, right? And then we see that, okay, what 32 data points are coming in the first 32 positions. The indices can be anything. And those indices, we ask for with the `get_item` function, which returns the corresponding data. And that's how we get the mini batches. That's why the dataset and the dataloader are two different classes we have to understand, okay?

So, in PyTorch, the dataset class is used to load data in the form of tensors, and the dataloader class is used to convert that data into the form of mini-batches. That's the main difference between these two, okay?

Now, we also talked about how these mini batches are used in the training loop during training. So what we do is fetch the data batch by batch because we've already created those mini batches. So we have the train loader with those mini batches ready. At the training loop, we fetch those batches from the train loader one by one. That gives us X batch, which has the features, and Y batch, which has the labels. Then we go on doing all those things like forward propagation and all the rest of the things required for training our neural network, okay?

So, first we understood these two classes which are available in PyTorch, and then we took an example use case with the Fashion MNIST dataset, where our data was actually images but given in the form of CSV in NumPy format, okay. And we built a network with 784 input neurons because a 28 by 28 image size equals 784 pixels. So in the input layer, we have 784 inputs representing the pixels of the image. In the first hidden layer, we have 128 neurons. In the second hidden layer, we have 64 neurons. And in the output layer, 10 neurons because we have 10 classes, okay?

Now, if you can recall this process: we first loaded the data in the form of a dataframe and then showed you some of the samples to see what the data looks like. We then did a train-test split, did feature scaling, okay. Then we created a custom dataset class where we actually create our custom dataset as a subclass of the dataset class, and there were three methods in the class which are converting our data that we had already written.