Recording in progress. Let's see. So Saturday, sir, last class is from 9 AM. Some of us are working on Saturday as well. That's why I requested, sir, to keep it in the evening session. Yeah, like Saturday evening. Maybe we can do that as well. That would also help. Yes, sir, Saturday would be fine because it's a working day. Okay, but in the evening time, you want? Yes, yes, yes. So then your name is better, sir. Little Saturday evening, hmm? Okay. So in the morning we'll have class, and in the evening we will write the exam. Right? Yes, yes. Anyway, we have a literature review class at 7:45. So okay, probably from 7 to 7:45, you can have the exam. Yeah, I'm thinking. Oh, maybe the duration might be maybe an hour? That's what it will go up to, one hour. Or 6:30 you can start, sir. Okay. Yeah, that can work. But we need to inform others well in advance, because some others may say, you know, on that day I had some other engagement. Yes, sir, actually I've made other plans for that time. The problem now is that I planned for Saturday morning, so yeah, certainly some of them have office. Well, the problem is the 17th of Saturday is a festival week, sir. So probably people are busy travelling or something like that. I'm not sure. The 10th is the right date, this coming Saturday. So what's the issue with this coming Saturday? Well, we planned during the class hour we can keep it because that is anyway a fixed slot when we have to connect. Right, okay. If we deviate from the slot, then someone would have something else and then we will not be able to do it. Yeah, that is the main thing I'm seeing. Maybe on Saturday we can have those who cannot attend, and you can have another one for those people who cannot attend on Saturday. Maybe Monday, same slot. I'm okay, but you people have to agree. Per Monday, Monday is over. Okay, sir. In the weekday, 1st day of the week. That's far up there. Monday's like too busy, sir. I do have client calls in the evening. Because besides that, properly, there should not be any confusion. Yes, it is. But in the MLP course, it was conducted on Saturdays on a regular schedule. But since some of us were working, and evening schedule enabled the same thing. We did it that way if we can manage, it's okay. So for this, okay. So evening time, 6:30 to 7:30. Some of you are not there, right? Otherwise we could have kept it there. So we'll keep it at the regular time, sir, then we'll see how many of them are not able to write. We can enable it for them at some other time. Yeah, yeah. So it's a remedial type exam, right? Yes, yes, yes. Okay. When is the exam? Saturday, Saturday. I mean, Saturday, sir? Yes. Yeah. In January, is it okay to all of you? Yes, sir. It should be fine for us, sir. Yes, sir. Only the timing persistent. We should not worry too much about that, sir. Sir, what is the syllabus, like until this class or the last?