Recording in progress. Some measurement solutions that I currently implemented in my... let me stop here. Did you attend earlier sessions? No? So I have to stop your seminar here. You may need to upgrade out of this course because the instructions were very different and you are trying to present something which is not required for this seminar. Okay, please discuss it with your friends and come back. See, we want to know the Janna tools, how it's being used for intention review and the topics, covering everything. And you make us sit and see what you want, and you're not attending sessions. You need to repeat this course. We'll go to the next candidate. Is the next candidate here? Maybe I'll come up. No, no, this is unfair. Rabbi, the director of an institute, gives you an instruction for teaching a course, and you come and do some nonsense here. This is unfair. See, I have repeated this three or four times in my class, and you take it for a ride? This is academics in a premier institute. You may have to repeat this course. I can't calculate anything more. You take six months and repeat. We'll go to the next candidate. Good evening, sir. I am a student. Yeah, yes. Well, one minute. We are appreciating very simple things. If you sit for three hours, this is what is required for this one, it will be done. Leaving that, you do something and say we have to sit and listen because I've repeated many times. It should be beneficial for all the people who are attending the class. I am not evaluating your work. Yes, yes, yes. I'm patient. Good evening, all. I am patient. My name is Kalki. So here I will share my literature review journey with AI. In this presentation, is the screen visible, sir? Yes. So in this presentation, I want to explain how I chose my program statement, how I formulated my problem statement, how I searched the research papers using AI tools and the normal traditional way, and how I have summarized the papers using graphs and visualization tools. And how I found the research gap using AI. And finally, how I've written the literature review using it. So coming to my problem statement, for topic coping, I haven't used AI, so this might have helped me. I have a clear vision regarding my problem statement. It is a basic conversational recruitment assistant. I have chosen this statement motivated by one of the companies' applications, which is a recruitment workflow. We need to add AI tools to that application, so I have chosen this problem statement. An AI-based conversation equipment assistant which takes a screen one interview for the candidate and analyzes the candidate's performance, generates questions based on the candidate's responses, and gives the final response to the recruiter. So that's my project outline. My domain is NLP generation. The next step, which is also an important tip to do after selecting the problem, is to finalize the problem.