Hello sir, good evening. Yeah, we shall start. Susan, thank you. I don't know if you can see the screen, sir. Yes, yes, it was me. So, to start with, this is the literature review seminar part, and then I'll go into the project and show the implementations. I want to cover the order as follows: this is the paper I did the second presentation on. Then I did my first presentation explaining how I prepared that. I'll write up and show the tools I've been using. In my first presentation, I covered how we used AI and different tools to do the literature review. I was maintaining a Git repository of items like different papers and different prompts I used across the AI tools and how I tracked them. These papers form my final literature review, showing all the different tools, fall detection and prevention methods which I can apply for the specific data I'm working on. The abstract and different models and their performance are shown with all the details and corresponding references. Whatever gaps exist in terms of the papers I selected and what they've mentioned, all that information is captured there. Then I tried to use the same for my project, starting with XG Boost, which was the best performing model. Based on the last project, you asked me to build something into production. I was able to do the data pipeline into production where I get data in a transformed way which would be useful for my model deployment. However, the model didn't go to production in the pre-prod environment, which I'll show in a while. I have data coming from end of January onwards with labeled data. But the problem is it still doesn't cover all the different scenarios. I'll go into that detail in a moment. That part is done and I have this notebook running against that particular data, which is running in production. I'll cover the different data distributions I used for this and the gaps. So this project is based on the literature review and picking up the best suitable model based on the literature review. In this case, I chose XG Boost. Although I wanted to try out different options from my literature review... Your screen is not visible now. The PPT is not coming through. It is visible on my end. Okay, you are presenting something but the PPT is not visible to me. Actually, I'm showing...