Okay, so I should check the order ID and verify the linkage they have, right? And whether they all agree or not. Correct. Yeah, so for 6 or 6B, the FII will provide for August 22nd, let's say one order ID. When clicking on the order ID, we should be able to see all the routes that FIS is in the details. We can just see the order ID, but before that, one order, we should need to see the different venues that the order will go to. Venues there, order resnum is there, date is there, suppose a few calls there. But we cannot see the details like we are able to see for others.

Okay, got it. No, so okay, let's pick one order ID, okay? Which is included already on FIS. That all is ID? Let's take a look at our PTC and see which all venues it's going. So if it's going to three separate venues, and I want to make sure that it follows the pattern that the order comes in, goes into nets and then goes into PTS with multiple routes going to different places. So if there's 10 different places that we see in our underlying PPTC data for 10 different venues that order is being routed to, we should see those 10 different venues essentially included in 6 or 6B1. That way, at least we can confirm to some extent that this linkage is now working as expected.

Okay, I'll check it on. I found the first order, especially in the plot tactical RS. But RSSE was a problem on the RSSC side, right? NI specific. This is from 8:15, right? I think there is some overlap on tickets because you have David Martinez and Cand here. That shouldn't be there. That was at least the MR mismatches.

That's perfect. That's exactly what I saw. That's why I escalated it to Carlos, because I'm not able to see it in the underlying data that the vendor provides on a daily basis. So I think realic is not providing it for whatever reason. It's on them to see why they haven't provided it. After this call, maybe let's just go through what you did for RSC because RSCC, I found an exact match essentially.

Let's go through. This is my idea. We will discuss further. I don't want to actually cross the branch over here, but this one should be good. Bard, Jeff, link corrections, close it out. When it leaves, fitting it. The effort will have to be on George's side and basically the PTS team side. So on these right, based on what Daljit also said, let me and you go through the current open tickets. At least in the current open tickets, we should think about how we can add sources, like how we can add where the issue is or what is the source of the issue, right? Like if the source of the issue is BTS. So I'm going to try to see if we can add in a label or a component and be able to filter it down based on that label and component. So that, let's say, we could do that. All right. I think we don't have updates for other folks. It's an active work item.