Can I have... I think everybody got it wrong. I just kept it quite simple, whatever the code and all, I went through, right? But I just wanted to discuss my high-level design, right, of a water approach, right? I just want to collect some feedback on that before I refine it tomorrow better. Maybe we can start with that, but if you have any other thoughts, we can go into it and come back to that.

Yeah, I've been going through at least some of your voice. It's been remote, I guess. The pieces are scripted out and then you have like prototypes and stuff in terms of what we want. Some of the target should look like and be... I think I sort of hear only a light and I couldn't hear your voice properly, but you can see the name?

Yeah, I can hear you. How long? You can team with screen? I can see his... Oh, okay, fine, yeah. So I just want to show this quickly with the high-level system layout what I was thinking, right? So there'll be some UIs, right? Some, I mean, it's not next day case, could be anything, you know, where we should. So we should have a view of the error plus BTC events. The core thinking I got from the recent data analysis was this, right? The view, the way I want to see it is like everything starts with the base entity we want to look at. There is an error coming. There is some bunch of error records coming from Fra to us, and each error we take. What we discussed last week was we match the error with the corresponding CAT event. It could be one or more events, but ideally there will be one CAT event matching to that error. And then each CAT will have a corresponding map into the PTC. So there will be one record in PTC. So our ultimate idea is we make a correction in the PTC itself, right? So the intermediate CAT part, we can just put in the code itself. We don't need to really store it as such. So my thinking was the structure would be something like, let's say, let me just put it here. When you say intermediate, when you say intermediate part, do you mean the PTC that you'll be making the correction of? Essentially, you know, PTC record that V3 that corresponds to the correction.

Wait, wait a minute. Let me characterize here. Yes, here. Just give it a second. I'll move it to the screen. Sorry. All other pieces are like, you know, straightforward, but this is the core thing that drives the whole thing, right? Maybe right. So let's say, okay, this is not on. So let's say this, right, this is your error entity, set of attributes, right? It is a set of attributes. Then what we were thinking is we'll have an association. It could be one to right, and then this is your CAT. I mean, ideally what we know, although we know it's one to many, we have a logic to pick up the most relevant one. Ideally we will have only one, right? But that's the second part of the work. I had to validate this thinking and ensure that we'll be able to...