Hey folks, can you hear me? Yeah, I can hear you, Manan. Hey, I had a network issue and was switching phones, but I've got it sorted now. You can hear me now? Yeah, I can hear you. Okay. Hey, guys. Good morning. One of you want to just give overall updates on what we talked through in the interim? Yeah, um. I mean, we've just, you know, created the genus for submission by somebody completely, and then we are going to... we've created for well, this correction as, but that's what you'll find later once this is complete. So currently we are looking at releasing whatever we created for submission summary to broad, while also working on the DVT conversion of that. Right now we're just creating the objects and planning to put them directly into manual UAT and test out there. There are no other synthetic issues and it's able to run without an issue, although we wouldn't have better data for testing. But eventually, once the gate integration is available, we'll come out into proper gilt-based projects and do it. But right now we may only be testing new, and possibly take the same manual creation into prod to test it with some proper data. Integration is complete, I think, as a way to create some of the objects manually and then test them out based on what we've already created and are putting it out into fraud. So he's going to be working on that. And then also, marrying Ed. Do we need to, or can we create at least DVT? But you're saying we can't push it, download and upload? Is that what the problem is? So there was some guides I was going through where if you can pause directly to the repository, it's able to sync and then it directly maintains a proper sync with the bit-bet repository, and it will use from that. So that's the thing between. But otherwise, I can manually create a DVT project there and manually put everything there. Actually, so. But I again, remember, you are not a five-person team, right? You are just a one-person team right now. So nobody's going to make a change outside of you. I think for now you can agree. But the reason I'm saying is I just want to make sure it's gonna work. Great integration will also come. I think it should come very soon and I can check with everything. Okay. P. But I think don't stop you. Okay. I think from Akran also followed up late last week or early this week, one of the two, with R and I. Okay, mm-hmm. But I think we can still go ahead in the way. I think it is just to manage our code, right? Take it to production. Yeah, that should be, yeah. So I was, I don't know, I was wondering if there's any integration kind of features that would probably come or something. But then I realized that today when I tried to create it manually, it was able to create something in, so probably my initial understanding following Snowflake guides and stuff, where it was telling me, okay, we need...