I just want to be clear that they don't really have any trade with these symbols, so they don't have any counter trait for this. Ideally we should be deleting these records, but just to be on the safer side, I will open a thread with TV, Rayan, and Rap, and ask them if the destination is correct. But before that, I think I'll pull that record, the Fidessa Cats record, and initiate that chat. So this is the update on the corrections, which are pending.

Understood. Before you reach out to Rath or David, you can check in with me and I'll take a double look just to make sure you're thinking along the right lines. Now, before that, when you want to submit those corrections, let's get on the line together so that we can submit it to Proud Mirror and look at the feedback together. In case you have feedback and then if it's all good, I'll submit it to Prad. But I'd definitely like for you to be there.

There's an error on there. Go ahead. Cool. I'll wait for Suzi's updates today also. Once you have one or two more records, I think I'll set up a call with you and we'll do that.

Okay, Mamta, I'm giving feedback. Starting tomorrow, Mamta, what I'm gonna do is I have a few inventory items on my side, but from tomorrow I will be sending you and Vidisha 11 items which we have received from CAT, from Canada. You can get them and call with me and we can do this together. I've done this with you once or twice, so I'll give you another item and we can proceed. Since we won't have many calls, we can actually get on calls to complete these.

Sure, madam, sure. I like that one. Help from Honored, yes.

Okay, I'll bring you one. Thank you for that. And there were a couple of PL items with different ways and releases. Release is completed, we cannot do both.

There are a couple of tickets on yours about the location. This has historical corrections. I think there's an update on this?

Yeah, so since December 10th, yeah, I'm slacking on this because it's so complicated. I hate it so much. Um, I think I can figure something out. Can you give me until tomorrow? I'll give you a better update. I've definitely been slacking on that one. Oh, it's only if there's anything, I mean, if you need me to spend some time on it, I can also take that up.

Yeah, let's think about it.