Here you go, sir. Hey everybody. Good. Let me share my screen with you and I'll tell you what our current setup looks like.

Basically, I know the control points—wherever I need to build parallel jobs, right? For example, where should I break interrupting? When you say a component, just say okay, what kind of object it is. Sometimes it might be Snowflake views, sometimes it will be Snowflake tables, sometimes it will be stored procedures, sometimes it will be independent Python jobs. Something like that, yeah.

Okay, at least every—so let's just drop the base onboarding for the files that we receive in PC format. So there are files from JDO, Raptor, PTS, all of those come directly into LAW and they're onboarded. We use Python scripts and they're going into PTC orders route and trades. Okay, and this is the table. So all three have—no, JDO, Raptor, and then PTS, right? All three will have population into orders, routes, and trade tables, or maybe some of them only for routes, some of them would be for orders, kind of thing. Yes, so in terms of that distinction, Raptor is the only one that does not have any trades. It has orders and routes. But everything else has orders and trades. Okay, makes sense.

Yeah, and that Python job runs separately—it's not part of Snowflake. That reads from some file system, right? Correct. So there is a server, the app 2P, just app cube. Yeah, 2P and 2Qube microproduction, cube QA. It makes sense.

Within that file system, we get on the files. So all the zero files that we have to onboard come into a J folder. The R files that we need to onboard, they come in the after folder, right? This script is also announced in the same server and it runs on a scheduled basis to onboard the files. So apart from loading here, they have intermediate staging tables and some metadata tables to track the job running status and all, right? That's separate. They don't have any metadata tables and stuff to track the job. There is a separate workload scheduler that does all of the tracking.

So that workload scheduler—all it does is have all of our jobs in specific job screens. And this view, for whatever reason, isn't working for me, but I have a sample that I can show you. So the operation team manages this, right? Okay. They basically have an alert in place. If a job fails, if a job is running for a long time, if it needs any kind of escalation to the source. So in case there's any issue, the operation team will typically reach out and they will go through all the composite pieces. They're scheduled at 9, 7, 6—actually all different times, okay? All different times. And then they look for the time. If the file is not available, it'll wait or it'll immediately fire if the file is not available.