Hello. No problem, actually. If you want to move to Monday, I find no worries. Just focus on that. Nothing urgent, actually. No, it's okay. I'm fine with rescheduling. Just focus on your priorities. We can talk whenever you're free. I'm available in the next 30 minutes or whenever works for you. No problem. When you're free, we can discuss, right? Just keep it casual. It doesn't make much sense to chat when you're really tied up. That's fine. Typically Fridays are slightly better because the other days I end up going into the office Monday to Thursday. Sometimes Monday I work from home, and some days like Tuesdays I work from home. It's not fixed. Fridays I generally work from home, and during the first half of this year I'm supposed to do all these meetings and connect with the team, right? I see. So generally Fridays are better. It's just that today multiple things are going on. And in between, I'm supposed to speak to somebody for an interview which I completely forgot. That was on the calendar. Oh, okay. I don't see the calendar that much. Okay. During the last period I had to jump in. If there's anywhere I can help—especially with any of this stuff—technical interviews at some point, I think technical interviews should definitely involve me. Oh, actually, I remember that. He was saying that two things he mentioned during that meeting—I mean, casually when we were discussing it ourselves—we said maybe we need to help out with some of these hiring items. He told HR that probably an HR person, I think it's Kika, will probably talk to him to figure out the right form for onboarding and all. Then also he mentioned that he'd probably start helping out with some SaaS solution. We had to build tools and solutions in the cloud—cloud-related ones, actually. So I was getting some hints from him when he said that. Yeah, I need to follow up. But otherwise, I was generally asking if there's anything today I should do or something I should be able to help with. So that's what I was asking. But otherwise, I had a catch-up with Daljeet the other day. We had a catch-up with Steve. Things were going good, actually, so nothing much to report. And also, my first time results agree on our first production release for you. It's already been raised to change management. We just need to deploy once it's approved by Daljit and Ada, I guess. So I think deployment would be done after we raised it yesterday. We started yesterday, I think it closed—closed in the sense that our side is submitting and then approval would be done by Daljit and others. Once they have done it, I think Kyla would start the deployment because he's the one who is going to apply it to Snowflake anyway.