I didn't like... sorry. When I can't tell you, you can see it's speaking. Yeah, you see here, right? So I don't know, this probably will have some sort of duplication. So this tracking ADP, I have right now used only the order in business data, but I have the logic where I can add. Can you share the form ID, form TRD idea or something like that so that I can generate proper form R ID, right? So this is that. But if you see this, 38 minutes, this many records—it's like 200 million records. Oh sorry, sorry ma'am. So that's what you're saying. Sorry, let me repeat that. So this tracking, right, this is just using right now, this data as well as the order ID only. But if we add the firm CRDA or whatever, can you get that somewhere? Once I add that, it'll probably give us proper F R ID, right? I can consider that here. So let's leave that part. We'll come back to it. But the thing is, for these many records, it just ran for 30 minutes, okay? This is what it does, right? Basically trying to connect all the stages, like PTC to the CAT, to the error, and it is connecting JSON on the fly. So it shows order ID, rout order ID, router ID or whatever, right? R order ID and then tracking ID, which is a firm R ID and then business date and timestamp. And then I have all the stages here. I'll have one more column which is called stage. It'll have a value which tells you what are the stages already crossed, what stage we are in, and from that we can derive success or failure for the UA representation. We don't need to have one column for each stage. It ran for 228 millions, correct? Yeah. So let's... oh yeah, it's like yeah, 220 million, yes, 228 million. That's not too bad because I was thinking we have to skills of errors and suffers, but no, I think this is something that you complete. No, no, no, one more thing. I think Red or limited it a bit somewhere, so again, let's see if we put any subset there. I think there is something. See here, I limited it to set of event type second. I do this many matches as well, right? Oh yeah, that's the reason. You see, there is some. I can remove that. The thing is yeah, so many too many matches also, I need to deal with that again. Otherwise you'll explode. It'll explode. So those things I need to deal with, but I just want to get the view of how does it look, actually, how the JSON would come. That's where I just tried to do this, but yeah, we had to deal with that kind of thing. Saying yeah, plus I think that refinement is not there. So the concern is we have a view here. Then I realise that when... so it's, I felt like it's very good to have CAT as the best thing where we do the validation on that. We do correction on that, everything. If we do based on CAT, it is a lot line, much better, convenient in multiple ways than doing it on PDC. I know so we are right now taking a CAT and fixing it and writing into a file, which we are doing SFTP to Finr.