Hey man, yeah, I can hear you. Can I share the screen or do you want to? Let me share the screen, right? Quickly, I'll go over what changes I made. It'll probably be better to share it with you. Okay, so Samari, what is it? Come here. So I think you were having these wireframes in LDD. I updated LDD 2.2 and submitted some of the LDD. As part of this story lowly design, what are the things we did? We captured wireframe, LLD, the actual requirement itself, the functional and technical requirements. And then, you know, the tooling we're supposed to use, and then the plan for how we are planning to execute the MVP part, okay? So all these are captured in these pages, okay? And then this is not a two-pointer for sure. I would say each of these would be a two-pointer itself, okay? Two, six, ten. Yeah. So yeah, I can see your screen. I updated the points to 10 actually, but we need to change accordingly or at least let's make it five if it's too big for a story. Yes, this is done now. So I made the pointers 10. Are you fine with that? Change the story point. No, no, make the value above it as eight. Yeah, make it as eight. That's it. I think it's done. Can you change it to done? I think Islaya and Mamta did check with them. You can close it. I need to use that data to test it. No, we need to ask Mamta for it. Can you bring Mamta and get that? She populated some dates. Can you just ask her to add supporting documents to it? I mean, she will move it. Then if she couldn't, we can discuss and add it to the next iteration. Okay, now this POC, let's focus on the stick. This stick, you want to? Yeah, open that. That's the second one. We are in progress, right? Click on that. And that's called MVP. What did I put? Yeah, we should say MVP 1.1, maybe just add that somewhere as a tag. Okay, POC we had done, right? That's a separate story. We are in MVP one phase now. So this is also done. POC is done. So what are the results and artifacts for it, right? So I'll ping you the link which I shared with you, right? No, no, you're saying that for example, you have to, that's another story. That's an implementation story. This is POC. Yeah, yeah, I've written it. Now I just realized that as per the plan, there should be a third story. Yeah, I will delete these comments. Wait, I'll... okay. No, that's not the right one. This is actually, we cannot get it done because your PR here isn't ready. No, no, no. See, this PR should be raised against the new G. This is not the right G to raise the request against. Correct. It doesn't have any request at all. This is a POC, right? What I'll show you as part of POC is the Snowflake SQL. That's it. I'll ping you that Snowflake name, right? The link name which I pinged to Kislaya, okay? And that's what we should give as an artifact, the output for it. Let me ping you that first. This is the oxidia. I read it. I'm not sure, just verify whether that we...