Oh, we're at the turn already. And sweet, I also need either Kisle or... Yeah, it's an ordered year, yeah. Alright, perfect. Hey, good morning. Yeah, I'm on. Good morning. Backed? Okay. Alright, so let's go over this. I think the first two slides—one is a summary that I've added. The second one is what Sadad had already that talks about the current process and what the future process could be in terms of CDMDRL. And then I think we skip to, or let's go one by one if we want to keep those slides, then we can. So are we good with these two? What does everyone think? Can we just take it from the top just because I want to make sure, and we can keep it brief, but I just want to make sure I—yeah. So this is the first slide. Okay. So this is very high level, just in summary talking about what the applications are, challenges are, what is this concept of CDMDRR and what the benefits are. I think, um, question—I feel like the first language itself, which is an executive summary, this first section, right? The system and digital, where we put a plus and then equals to. I think it's not fitting well, you know, that whole picture. Or maybe we can just... we can get rid of that. Side note: because this is the first slide that you were presented in the whole deck, and they're not going that well. Like, you know, start with a picture and... so probably some kind of overview from Ista side that would help, probably. What if that is instead of this pictorial view? Correct. Okay. So let me do one thing. I'll try to see on their website if I can find anything. I'll put something for this, otherwise. Okay, I'll try to get something from Mr. for the top section. I mean, what we like is just starting with like that's your first impatience. Let's not start. Probably we can utilize this pictorial view in the subsequent sites or towards the bottom part of the same slide, right? Okay, okay, let's yeah, let's try to make some edits. I also try to see if I can find something and I can add that. If not, maybe we can add just a summary level of what CDMDRL is. Instead of putting that picture there, we can just put it in text what it is—just one or two lines. Yeah. Just to make sure I understand: you're saying that this is like too simple, right? Just a CDM plus DRR equals CDMDRL doesn't really, as a visual, doesn't really save much, right? Yeah, I agree with that. It says, but listen, when you are presenting something, you can't just start with this. You have to give some kind of two-liner overview, right? What really this whole deck is about or what we are going to present, in some kind way—the way we generate our reports, right? So the first two or three lines there are some kind of summary. But here we're directly jumping into applications, challenges, concepts, and all of that. So before that, I feel a brief summary is required. Okay. Got it. So I think we can just get rid of that.