With the tooling, things have been pretty positive throughout. So I want to make sure the team recognizes the effort that every one of us has essentially put in on the tooling side. Right now, privately, it's been a lot of people on the US side that have been driving some of these changes, building out some of the development items, setting up the UI, and keeping it demo ready as well as functionally ready. That was good to at least get us running and get us started. But we're at a stage now where we want to add additional features and modules. I know we're starting out with the short sales reporting tool, where we've implemented a dashboard on the Jeffrey side that we want to essentially cross-relate to a more formalized tool. And I do believe Vamsi has started conversations with Siddharth with plans to take that over. But the point that I'm getting at is, I think we need a little bit more involvement from the folks in India as well to drive some of the changes. Manan, you could be driving a lot of the CAT additions and enhancements to the tooling and share at least the logic from a dev perspective that would need to be implemented. Similarly, anyone from a dev capacity—I think Prabhakar and Mamta—you guys also have a good amount of knowledge that can be leveraged in terms of scaling some of our solutions and keeping those a little bit more functionally organized. So the plan is to essentially have the team work as a collective now that we have a good baseline set up. Now I'm going to take a quick pause there and see if there are any questions or comments that people want to add. Is the CAT that we demoted, and take his name, or did we demote more of the other than CAT? Well, at least the demo that I was a part of was only focused on CAT Ogitika. On the demo side, we also had an additional demo just yesterday with Coinbase, again with the CAT site, given that they're setting up a lot of their infrastructure to begin CAT reporting on equities. We have also made changes to the CAT tooling from what was shown to NT to what was shown to Coinbase with a few additional features and cross-checks between CASE as well, which is kind of like a sub-reporting to CAT, focusing on the account information. But currently, to my knowledge, yes, with NT it was only a CAT demo. With Coinbase as well, currently it was only a CAT demo. Yeah, it was CAT with NT, but I followed up with Francisco. So it'll probably tee up some other tool that goes with him as well. And on the tooling aspect, yeah, we have to recreate the structure that we have in the US, right? So that we continue to make progress pretty much round the clock.