I want to discuss something in between. We can do that, but let me see if I can share my screen in the first place. From this system, from the teams, six-year electrical conference screen audio. Open system settings. You can see the screen now? Yeah, yeah, I can see it now. Okay, so I was assigned to create a series of conference pages with a lot of things, but this is a simplified view of things to discuss with the nullet, right? So that's the idea here. Okay, so the thing is, everything starts from here, right? We have a PTC and we have a set of PTC events. There is an F job which gets converted into a CA and reports to Finra. That's a forward flow. Then, where are you starting from? From the F side or the right side? From the right side, here in PTC. Do you see anything? Event is PTC. Okay, the PTC is what you're calling a PTC event? Yeah. Okay, so a PTC event would be converted into a CAT event and then the CAT event is reported to Finra. And then there will be different stages. Either it will be a rejection error or it will be a correction error. It will be reported by Finra and then it will come over to us here, right? I'll just show the other workflow for different types of errors and how we deal with that. But let me just start with this simplified high-level flow, right? So this gives us an error, right? And then what happens is... Your mouse movement is not showing up to me. I think the follow-up of which part of the diagram? Is it highlighting, showing at least when it highlights something? The money or left panel keeps coming and going. Oh, I see. Okay, that's being slow then. Let me give you a moment, right? Maybe we try Zoom. Yeah, yeah, that's better. Okay, nice. Hey Argent, let me share my screen now. Okay, good. You can see it now? Yeah. Okay, now I can at least see your mouse moving. Okay, great. So yeah, PTC, I didn't put the whole seam stuff here, so PTC is the place where we have things starting in this whole case, right? So I mean ideally correction should happen at SO, but I mean the initial thing we are thinking is, I know, right, Morgan Stanley are JP Morgan. If there is a problem with the source data, it will take forever to fix it actually. So if we have authorization, we can fix it directly here for now. We can start with that, but eventually, that's the idea. It should come from the absence, right? So here we have a set of events and they have a problem. It could be a problem where the event is rejected even before processing, saying okay, some important field is missing. Or on the other hand, they won't reject it, but they would need some correction because the data it says is not consistent with something else from maybe other forms or some other events, right? So there are at least these two levels, probably even more levels of errors also. I have a different workflow. Let me just open that in a while. But yeah, so the flow would be like this. We have a set of events and these are being converted in...