Hello. Hey Siddharth, good morning. Hey man, thanks for joining. So I just wanted to iron out a few things, right? I assume we are trying to build some solution which we want to take to multiple banks, right? Probably that's the idea, right? Which we have successfully built in Jeffries. We want to take it across multiple banks. That's the objective, right? Yes. And so in that case, why don't we build this as something like a SaaS solution, you know? So that it's easy for anyone. Most of them will have a security clearance for some of the platforms where on top of it we should be able to build this, right? For example, if you look at Power BI, obviously it'll be much better to run it on Azure with less impedance mismatch and stuff, right? Maybe, and then they would tell you, okay, it's better to use MS SQL in terms of a couple of features and stuff. So there are a lot of security issues coming through, right? When we try to cross-match platforms like Databricks to, you know, Postgres, obviously as you suppose, but I'm just saying in general, right? So is it something you need to connect with folks and just make sure that is it something we should build like a SaaS here? So I get your point and I think it's a fair question. Sorry, I think you were saying something. Yeah, so my question was like, you know, see if it takes something like Snowflake or Databricks, right? They have native app capabilities. What does it mean? They obviously can bring their data into Snowflake or Databricks. They probably host it somewhere in S3 and they provide their own interface on top of it. Then if you build our application in their marketplace, right? And we can easily on day zero take our solution to any bank if they want, right? For example, if they have like Jeffries, if they have the data in Snowflake, we tell them, okay, this is my app in the marketplace. Just subscribe to it. You can use it on day zero and we'll keep running showing reports from there. Is it something you should think of building on top of a platform like that? Or do we need to build things vanilla from the ground up independently, taking a license for, let's say, if Power BI is restricted, let's say if we take Tableau. If it is a work cloud, then we take a license for that separately and then we need to take a license for the backend separately and all these things come into the picture, right? So those are some of the things coming into my mind. I mean, we need to really start out in a place where apart from the demo we show from our desktop with Docker and virtual machines, we should be able to tell them how quickly we input the solution into their systems, especially since most of them would be banks, right? Right, right, right. Look from a development perspective...