C and TWSI don't think there are many changes, but we can have them. So here's how we'll have to put the task details. The assignment group over here will be serious operation. So like I said, right, this is now individual tasks that different teams would need to do. What I mean by that is we have the Python script that we're running in UAT right now just for testing out electricity besides. Now to put that script in production, we don't have access. So that is something that GST will have to do in all releases depending on the application that we're updating. In this case, we're updating JVBS's application for capstone or IT data onboarding and that platform. So JVBS will have to move that script and we will tell them instructions: go to this folder in UAT, JVBS has to keep hold of this file and then move it to JDSAP to keep. It's similar to how we're moving files into UAT, loads of production data, right? They will do something similar where they do like an SFTP or a put command from QA to UAT. So we will have to assign them a task, make sure that the SAD assign similar to the certain of the actual change task. And we just have to write out the description, and over here also you'll have to put a little text document as attachment for all the steps that they need to take. So after this call, you and I can sit down and go through this as well as the next parameters of what we need to do with that and the Microsoft actors that you've got. A few more changes over here, but I think otherwise it's good. Okay, cool. And where we need to update the photographs here, only no? No, photograph you can put photograph you can put at the shape, not in the task levels. Photograph you can put at the belt. Okay, let's connect after this call, then we can check. Can you take a snippet of it as well and put it in conference so it's easy to use it now later? I think for you also please edit this. Yeah, so I need to get the access. I was just wondering if there's a template like this for a particular task, we can take a snippet and put it somewhere and we can refer it that change. Oh, is it change management in general life? But I typically do this: I'll give you guys a reference to some of the changes that I've raised in the past. Oh, that's good. That's good. That makes sense. Yeah, that's good. Number okay, all right. I think we had good updates yesterday. I have an individual with each of you. And I want to start off this call with Mamta, then move to Kaprun, and then with Aishaa, we can come up in the office on 60560 or 6 related, sir. One thing I want to make sure, Manan is at least from a GST perspective, need to have all of the deck and everything updated for tomorrow as well as 6 or 5606 prior to the call with like a topology. Yeah, so a few things that you need to check out: this issue that happened with J. I just want to get to the bottom of it. How long have we always been sending now? Is this, you know, a zero specific examples that Andrew didn't put?