How's it going? Good, sir, how are you? Good, good. You saw all the stuff that we're working on the legitimate side as well, right? Yeah, it was good actually. The work was really good actually. Yeah. All the stuff that you pick up within this correction and chattering, right? That in itself is going to give so much background and information on CAT and just the nuances, linkages, and everything that goes in. Yeah, so I'm sure that there's a lot of enhancements and updates that we can make to that tooling piece as well. True, true, yeah, I see that. I mean, that's really interesting. That's very good actually. Someone's working on it. So, Siddarth, right? I think Siddarth, yeah? So he also worked on CAT actually. Is it with Jim? No, no, no. No, no. So he's interning with us actually. He's not even an employee right now. He's just interning with us. Oh, is he? Okay. So who was helping him? I mean, you were working closely with him to build the whole thing? Yeah, so at the subject matter level, items come from me. I see. But so who else was he working with? I mean, he said there is some other backend thing which gives him some data frame and all. Yeah, so the guys on the EBS side, which is another reporting requirement in Jeffrey. Yeah, so we did some work with them on the Jeffrey side. Okay, but mainly it's come from, what is it? Yeah, mainly working at the Jeffrey side, getting a good handle of what's actually going on within the reporting. What are the kind of issues that these guys face on a daily basis? And building off the understanding that we get at the client's end to see what are the main issues that some other people might be having on their side. Okay, okay. So we have our own Git repository instance for reggaes separately, and that's, yes, that's cool. Yes. And I think you don't have an account in there, so I'll create you one. Yeah, that'll be great. That's interesting. So then you can also start crawling the repository. In fact, the whole structure and the whole idea he was talking about, how to use actual ML models to do it in the future, is really good actually. Yeah, no, he's been pretty good. We're actually planning to get him on full-time as well. Okay, because he's been pretty good on the tool and just the overall internship in general. Cool. Yeah, that's good actually. Yeah, is there any other firm with whom we are working on CAT stuff apart from Jeffrey's? There is one firm that's going to be coming in, maybe if the proposal goes through. Okay. But right now it's mainly only Jeffrey's. We did some work actually just last month for another broker dealer for CAT itself as well. But right now only Jeffrey's mainly. Oh, nice. Okay. But I think our own tool itself is a very good idea. The value is more, whatever effort you put in.