Happy Friday. We have the conflict. Okay, just a heads up for June. I spoke just now with Bi and the team on the GSD. They showed me that they have already updated GSD 5, which they update on a weekly basis from the registry, but they present on a bi-weekly basis for the GSD stakeholders. So they're pretty much up to date. They made some changes today. Ami went over some of those changes with me, so I'm pretty sure that they'll be good for next week's call. I got some school first because they're probably the most prepared for this call. Maan does the updating on 605, 606, and Kat, if I'm not mistaken, handles that as well. That's why I was sort of waiting for head on news—it was sort of important for that. Butan said he's available till 11:30. He posted a message. What I wanted to talk about on this call is the overall weekly cadence of maintaining and keeping all of our things inside. Because it doesn't just come down to one person representing it for everybody. I think everybody should be aware of what's going on on the slides, and we should all be in agreement with what's going on on the slides. Yeah, I think that's a good point. Often we think that whoever puts the slide together is responsible for it. But ultimately, that slide is going to represent the team's work, right? So if something is incorrect—the dates are incorrect or the status is incorrect—it's every person's responsibility to review and confirm that we're representing it the right way. In a big part of that is, the team is getting bigger, right? So I feel like each one of us has a slightly different responsibility. You're spearheading, for the most part, the error corrections work, right? And with me, I'm working on timelines. You're pretty much a one-man show on that, right? And then Maam is doing Adisha is doing 605, 606. Everybody's pretty independent. This is going to be the one place where we actually get to consolidate amongst ourselves. We consolidate every day on the scrum calls to give ourselves daily updates to make sure we're on track. But it'd be good to come together and make sure that our team also has visibility. I visited you tomorrow and wanted that visibility so that we can all convey the same exact message. That makes sense. That's what I want to align on. And really, I want to start this as a local conversation because truthfully, I've been detached from these weekly conversations for a long time now. So I wanted to get everybody's opinion on how their work is going and how they're tracking.