Right, so the number of records that we created in UAT that did not exist in production today is about 1932, to be exact. I also sent you that information. The records being added are consistent with what we expect. We're just seeing some records being dropped.

All right, so what about the ones being dropped? The easiest way I can explain this is by picking a random example. I'm going to cut this so I can still look up the allocation because there's still the database from just yesterday. Now, on this allocation, I'm going to run straight to the right. It is a fully distributed cross. Okay, so already, I'm going to be honest, these fully distributed crosses are a little bit out of my wheelhouse. We'd probably need to check in with Darwin or Andrew from JDO to really explain what's going on with this allocation. But I can describe what the native points is not working. But this one is essentially being reported incorrectly, right? This is being reported incorrectly, correct? Okay. All right, now let's go over the monicker and the account number. These are not being picked up. So I'm going to grab this and replace it here. All right, so you see here in the monitor is SM 81, and then the account number is 0011. When I look up SM 81, you're going to see it doesn't have that account number. These are all the civil accounts under SM 81, and there are only 19. Obviously LTID is non-Jefferies. If I were to look up the GCO ID, I would also see non-Jefferies. I can do that just to confirm. So this is absolutely correct. Can I just see where is that account number? Where would I see that account number essentially not showing up? No, you jumped to that, right? So the account number is going to show up right around here. Here's the account number, right? The account number does not appear here. So let me search up that account number directly. That is the firm's account number, right? What's happening is on the allocation records, the monitor that appears on the allocation record is truly a customer account monicker. It is a customer relationship, right? And we're saying we allocate to this customer. There's even a large trader ID for this customer. However, the account number is the firm's external account number on the allocation. So in my SQL query, and I can show you the exact part where I'm doing the join, I'm doing the join on the account number, right? Branch sub-account to the account number so I can get the GCO ID for the account. The reason I need to use the account number and not the monicker is because there are specific accounts under the same monicker that have different GCO IDs. Like, for example, there are two distinct GCO IDs right there in that first row. One is J and one is V. So we can't just use the monicker because there can be multiple. So we go directly to the sub-count. So SM 881. Yeah, so that's the GIS.