That is being a useful case for us. That's the case that we approach with a table. If you can see, there's an error code, there's an error description, there's an explanation, and all of this information is in the same place that we can find within the technical specifications. If we go all the way down, what is the table name? Sorry, sorry. Can you tell me the table name? Just so you have that. I just participate in a chat. I keep updating it and editing it as needed. Okay, about codes. You don't have to worry about file integrity with the errors. Ingestion errors are basically discrepancies, and they are basically everything all the way down. We have a lot of congestion issues. You have a lot of linkage error records. You'll have very linkage errors. Pretty much all of them apart from the integrity, I think you can put in as is based on the requirements. Okay, one second. Let me share a CSV file. Maybe we can walk through it. I created it sometime back. I'm just pinging you there. Maybe if we can scope it out from that, it'll be much better because that's combined and has loaded all errors into that. I just pinged you. I'm not sure if you got it now. Open that. Yeah, core description, explanation. Okay, cool. We just need to format this well so that none of these special characters are present. Yeah, I don't want to try to insert those because we are probably going to get into issues. Some of them are formatted weirdly. Anything in the 1000 series, like here, I'd be okay getting rid of everything from lines 2 to 24 and then starting from the 2000 codes. Some of these three digit codes I can see. If you look at a code and a description, like this is incorrect. I don't think we need to have warnings in this one. So you can see, is it a code? Is this something we can get rid of? Some formatting is definitely off because if you look at 2060, it's just option ID. Okay, yeah, I see. So I think it's smaller stuff, right? Okay, got it. That's quite a few issues over here. It's like it's split here. And then let's see what you have. Yeah, okay. I think let me just see. So we have a good description and then we have explanation for the explanation text as well. I want to clarify here. You have explanation, you have a good description. That's perfect. And then instead of severity, we just call this warning or error so that it goes into the same table. And then if you see in the table, there are two other columns, right, corresponding to data validation error code and material or type. This one we can leave as is on our side. What I want to do is I want you to add a seventh column. Basically, this will populate it with a category. I want to say like an application or something, or like error source. Or error source. Error source makes sense. So all of these case error codes, I have them updated to my case. All of the CAT error codes will have it updated.