Hey guys, can you hear me? Hi Ken. Hey guys, Joe. I wanted to actually quickly make a deep dive on this call so that we can add some context. Okay, have you taken a stab at it in terms of who owns this? Give me a second. Okay, yeah, let's go through it. I'm not able to see anything. BDI? Yeah, I can see six. Okay, I see the structure. Hmm. Okay, please go ahead. Um, is there anything you need me to confirm over here on the six or fifty-six site? Let me just read through. We're running till late on there? Yeah, um. I guess we need to just call that out specifically with some of the delays that we've been seeing on FIS. Yeah, we said we'd bring this out today. We've had multiple delays with the thought pattern. Last week we went through multiple escalations in FIS. Finally loaded in data. We are at a stage now where USS started doing actual broad parallel testing this week. And based on that, we're at least seeing positive results now, but we still have to validate it all end-to-end, right? Because I think there are a few examples with each other that she was able to check out. Those do look like they tally up and match up. Why are you gonna... I think your voice is cutting out a lot. Is it better now? Hello? Yeah, much better. Hello, hey guys, this is better. Yeah, so this is six zero six, six zero five, six zero six, and then I have like I created a flight for error correction also. So this will be about tracking slide only. So currently, whatever Pratrum has been doing, I'm actually asking for whatever he is doing so that we can face these links and if you want to open any particular... Okay, can you share this with me too? Um, because we can you have what? Yeah, you bro. I think I know where this is. So you have broad design and architect. Yesterday is like okay, I think is a copy inside also. Okay, no, this is good. Um, we should definitely schedule a call tomorrow with Daljit at least to take him through what we have currently and just maybe walk him through in detail. Yeah, I thought in the call we have two calls with Daljit back to work, I think, and then an internal discussion about. And then in the cat business also for a new business. And I was thinking that in terms of ownership here, we can write like the system owners. So let me see. Yeah, we should write the system owners, right? Yeah, and I've heard it. This is connectivity team. Oh wait, no, hold on. Yep, so owners. This will be for Jeff. Who is the one who started the conversations on this? Just in the initial communications is my question. One moment. I see it coming from Raf initially, yep. I have the first one from Raf which you forwarded. And nobody. Was it like Diru team or anyone? It had to come from someone. This is the jam. No, this is not jams. It came, not around. Yeah, it's basically coming from. I think Fidessa team is correct. It seems.