Hello. Deepak, me exact time to discuss all of that. It doesn't work that way. Sorry, let me clarify. Let me talk. You have asked for that particular thing, which can be very short. No, no, before going deep, right? So whatever we agree on now, I just want it in writing, right? Before going further, I don't want to waste anybody's time. Since you have sent me an essay-kind of message, give it to me in one sentence. What do you exactly want? So you're going to agree on what you are going to conclude now, or we will have further discussion. That's my question first, right? Before talking anything, I need to understand what you want. What I want is a written confirmation. Simple. On what should I give you the written confirmation? On what we communicate and whatever we conclude together. That's what we are going to discuss, but are we going to give me written confirmation or not? Simple. What we discuss - why am I asking you to sign an agreement? An agreement is nothing but a confirmation from the company to you on the site that you require. Okay, see, I'm asking are not putting anything into an agreement so that you can put it to the bank or whichever. So if it's self-ending, you can do it that way. So whatever we have been communicating over WhatsApp and phone for this one period, it's not agreed. What I'm trying to tell is we have been doing. Should I rely on our car conversation and communication? Simple - whatever we discuss so far on WhatsApp or phone, whatever, should I rely on that or not? Something is simple. What we have agreed in future, whatever, right? That's what's confirmed, is it? What we discussed before? With all the customers we are getting into agreement with you, right? I know what an agreement is, what is realization before going there, right? What is the formal way, right? So I was assuming whatever we communicate via WhatsApp and your phone, right? That's something I can rely on for the agreement before the agreement. Is that true or not, right? Simple. So what I'm discussing about is - no, whatever I'm discussing on the phone now, is that something I can trust? Whatever you are going to say - tell me, shall I rely on that? Right. I cannot do, right? Right. I'll be. Right. It's the business functions. So whatever we discuss today and conclude, what's the date? Whatever, can you give me? I'm not getting into an argument. I'm simply trying to discuss and understand, but I want to understand from you what do you want so that I can put it down for the agreement? Okay, so do you agree we agreed on December 7th that I'm going with Plot number 103 and 104? Make it so. Yeah, that's what is that you want? That's what I want. I want what we agreed on last December. That is Plot number 103 and 104, which is the northwest corner plot of the central block of the layout. Do you agree with that? That's what we discussed, and that's what I paid for. Is that right? Do you agree? These are as per the terms.