Hey, good morning. I saw you were online quite late, around 4 or 5 in the morning. No, definitely not. I was asleep by 11 yesterday. I'm not sure what happened. Maybe my account or computer has a virus and they locked it down at that time. You just need one more virus like that to do your work as well. Yeah, right? Hack my account and while you're at it, do my job too. Absolutely. All right, so let's talk about this cloud infrastructure. We have the AWS account. Yesterday, you guys were trying to log in, but I don't think I ever gave you the login code to access it. No, I couldn't use it. It seems to have expired or something. When I tried to access it again, it didn't work. So what I did was create the Terraform for now to show how an easy to instance or Tableau workspace can be created, which we need to test once the account is there. I'll continue working on that. Okay, so I'm thinking about how we can avoid this problem. I'm sort of a middleman right now. You guys need me. Yeah, yeah. So I think we'll have to create users and provide them access to the organization. Yep, I understand that. But we have to go full business mode where it's not a free tier. I think to create an organization, it's not free. But to create IAM users, those should probably be within the free tier. I've done it for myself before. So you don't necessarily have to create an organization to create IAM users. That's the thing. Interesting. If you want me to look into that more today, I'll get back to you guys on how to create that for free. Yeah, if you let me know, I can do it quickly. That way you guys don't have this dependency on me. Yeah, that'll be great. I'll do that today. Great, Sidha. Thank you. Is Herschel joining us? I don't think so. Okay. One more thing—I'll quickly share my screen. Let me know if it's visible. Uh-huh. So I was able to deploy our trade transaction porting tool on AWS. Great. I think this is what we wanted, like a basic deployment. The front end is being hosted on an S3 bucket because it's pretty much a static website. The back end is on an EC2 instance within an Ubuntu image. And on the database side, we're using RDS PostGres, which seems like the simplest option. So all three things are working in harmony right now, and everything—all the functionalities for the tool are working and deployed. Good. Very, very good. So first of all, I don't know if this link is working for you.