Let me make sure we have all the no-lock queries and everything properly set. The data pulling—let me try to connect Zoom on the PC. Okay, so look at this table metadata, right? This is where we're pulling the data from. Can you see my face? Yeah, so if you see over here, we're pulling a select query. This table, orders.go.axe, will be completely empty. What I'll say is for one of the tables, you can add underscore hist. I can't do it with this account because this is not the badge account. Okay, this is the missed account. I think I can do it. Just put the date of 1106 is fine. Let's do orders sc. And now that orders table should have data basically that you pull. That's ACL data pulling out. Yeah, but the main thing is the data moves from those tables that we're referencing to archive tables. So we need to understand what the cadence is of the data moving from one place to another, so that we can schedule our matches accordingly. That's it. You ran it right now? 1035 data exported data to CSL line. Check with sour. This should be custom orders. Yes, C orders. Okay, yeah. The guy uploading that to the dev in Snowflake, that way we can at least confirm that Snowflake is also uploading the data. Where is this data going in Unix? So when we're pulling it, catch Snowflake, then raw sources, and then net.es. Yeah, that is perfect. Because after we onboard the data, it should also get loaded and uploaded in the cycle. Yeah, I wanted to just check on Snowflake as well. End to end, you're saying data in the underlying table. And if you are, then perfect. The main thing is in this setup that we have, I want to make sure we think about how we want to structure the applications. Because how will the credentials be stored? This credential that you've stored for the password for the data pulling, right? That is only for next data pulling. So net US and NE APAC uses basically the same credentials, right? A password will change over here. What I'm thinking is we should make one entry for the API key on both the data. One entry for the API key on the client ID that pulls data from S3. And then one API hash key for the CAnd SVC service account wherever it connects to nets, basically, or if it needs to connect to any other server, it will use the same password that it has. Okay, so we can think about that structure specifically, and I'll speak to Galjeet on it as well. Base user, everything we can put on HashiCorp Vault. Yeah, exactly. We can. That's the thing, right? I think anywhere I'm using this, wherever we're using a user and a password, we can put on HashiCorp Vault.