At the end of every week, we should send it over to Daljit for reviews so that if there are any changes before Monday, Daljit can log in, we can have those changes, and he can essentially go out and disseminate the information to other people. I think on the CAT side, you can mix CAT and the actual letter correction work into two subbuckets, if that's easier. Yeah, that two-subbucket in one trailer thing. So can you share just two pieces for both of it for this week? I can share this and then I can play in the format text. Yeah, if you're saying for just the weekly status stuff that we have. Yeah, yeah, that's what I'm saying. I mean, apart from the weekly, there is also this one-day deck which I upload every week on the team channel to show we are updated. So I appreciate it every week and I upload it. Previously, I used to upload one piece for CAST in that, one piece of 605, 606 in that, and one piece of CAT with a correction in that. This is what you're doing now? Yeah, this is what I'm showing on the screen, like the tech. Okay, yeah, this screen will be updated. I usually update this, but then what's the problem? I have 605 and 606 on the same deck. What I will do is separate these and create two different decks and share it. Yeah, so I think 605 and 606 can have one slide. In this example, I think we should just have three separate ones because CAT BA use is one separate SOW and the error correction piece is just completely separate SOW. So I'd say we keep it segmented in that same way. All right, I think that is what to expect, but it's an hour-long call, so I think the major chunk he would want to discuss is what's with 256 and then probably the correction. Okay, I mean, let's see what he wants to discuss. I'm also not too sure. Can you share this? This is Sharon, which in the team's chat. Sorry, which one? Sorry, I just didn't catch the name you mentioned. Which chat is it? Manad will send the link over right after, but it's in the Raggage Teams channel, basically. So there's a team channel in the Jeffries Teams that says Raggage under General. It should be there like weekly status. Okay, thanks. Yeah, what were you saying? All right, so I was telling that apart from this, is there any piece which is pending on our plate? I think just the INTR1 block with the ANDI symbols. I think we have to create synthetic new words for that. Then I don't think there's anything else any. And we'll have FI create those tickets with them? Yes, we should also mention to Raf because I think Raf wanted to check in with Fin Ra on how that would be done and whether or not it should be reportable, because I think we could use some guidance here as well. So we can bring this up in today's business. Yeah, yeah. Once we do that, can we create synthetic he or so?