We're putting in some emotion detection of speech onto the call centre stuff, or we figure out that people have long wait times. Is it a queuing theory based approach? We are performing badly on customer satisfaction as compared to our competitors. We need to fix it. That makes sense. The description is just that one line, okay? So, do you do queuing theory? Do you do emotion detection? Do you do training for people? Or do you just say I will reduce the number of calls coming in because I will figure out the pattern of calls and then maybe improve my frequently asked questions so that people can answer them themselves? Or do you have a chatbot kind of thing which can answer all the common questions automatically so that it doesn't even reach a human being? There are multiple choices of what to do, right? Yeah. But either way, in both of these approaches, there will be a set of techniques we may have to use, I think, right? So you probably will have something on your mind already. So if you're looking at maybe a fraud direction, or maybe something specific, or like you said, CSAT improvement, so you probably think of applying all the different techniques together to solve a single problem. That's one way, right? That's what I understand based on what you said. There are probably a set of problems and a combination of all these techniques solving them. Look, in business, you always start up at a business problem, which you then convert into a technical problem. Okay. And then figure out which techniques you need. Okay? If it is just customer satisfaction, okay? What all will you do for customer satisfaction? Increase the number of agents or figure out at what times of the day or which days of the month you get more volumes. It's possibly forecasting to say, look, towards the end of the month I get more calls, towards the beginning of the month I get more calls, whatever else. Do you figure that out? Okay? So you have to model that to say yes, you're basically forecasting volumes. Okay? And then you are possibly linking it up with your staffing levels. Or you say, look, I will categorize all these calls to say what can be answered by a bot. You categorize it, then you train your bot to say it can answer these specific questions automatically so that it doesn't even need to reach a human being. Right. Okay. Or if you believe that people towards the income tax filing period come back and ask for their interest certificates, if that is what you can figure out, maybe you proactively send them the interest certificates one month before the start of income tax filing season. Maybe you send it to them earlier. Or you send it to them again and say, look, we do understand that you have to file income tax generally by July 30th. This year they extended it to September 15th. You can say, look, we know you ought to file your income tax returns by September 15th. We are sending it to you in advance to help you with it. Maybe that's a good way to improve customer satisfaction.