How's it going? How was your exam? Yeah, I need to do a lot of things for tomorrow. There's a math exam tomorrow, so it's a three-hour exam. What's the topic for the math exam? Applied mathematics, linear algebra, probably statistics, and optimization. It's a lot of material, yeah. It's really challenging. Is Malin going to join or did he join before? No, he didn't join, actually. I think maybe we can continue anyway. So, like what we discussed—we couldn't catch up after our chat, right? What we discussed was trying to scope it to, you know, the AP server. Let me share the screen to show you where I am. This is very hectic right now because the ITR filing due date is on Monday. The Form 16 hasn't been given to me by Morgan Stanley yet. I'm following up with them online, but I think I couldn't access it. So yeah, this weekend is going to be very hectic. Where is that form from? Form 16 is something we normally get and download from the payroll portal. What I realized is that I don't have access to the pay portal. They only maintain it for a limited time, which I didn't realize. Normally, with my old company like JPM, I can still access it, and at HP I can still access, but Morgan Stanley only keeps it for three months, which I didn't realize. So I could have downloaded before, but since it's last minute, there's so much hassle. Oh, you're already in contact with Morgan Stanley? Yeah, yeah. Let me just open this. So if you see that, we probably need to have everything with a key—either you query from a database or hit the API. We need to go with a key. Or if you're clicking on a UI, it should send this set of parameters. So I believe error ID and then the error code combination needs something unique. When they click, they can drill down into whatever event is associated with this particular base event ID, right? That's my high-level thinking. There'll probably be some caveats, but that's our input part of it. The thing is, mostly we'll have maybe one event associated with an error. As I discussed, the reason we need to go with JSON is because the missing piece for me was what happens when the UI says we can query all the things dynamically and bring them all together. We can obviously do that. We can put multiple joins and create, which is what I did when I ran the query in Snowflake, right? I brought all the errors and events together. But if you're making a change in that and you want to create a new business rule and save it, we need an intermediate state, right? Without that, we can't do it. At least we should be able to compare it to the previous version if that need is there.