Good evening, good evening. How was the day? Hey, good evening man. How is the day going? Yeah, I think I had back-to-back calls today. We actually spent some time on the project, so yeah. But I'm excited for the weekend. Are you done with the project? No, it's next week actually. I asked for an extension. I couldn't complete it, so I will do it next week. Oh, nice. You usually sleep this late? Your routine has changed after joining. Yeah, after joining it has changed. So it must be difficult for you. Yeah, my first day in this career while I was working for Francisco was... I don't know, there's no time boundary. Sometimes I work till morning and all that. Then I realized it's not going to scale well. So since then, around 2014 onwards, it's completely changed. I never do that now. I started a normal routine. Yeah, I think initially you can actually... I think we are pretty flexible. Yeah, yeah. Once things are fine, once we have momentum, it should be fine. We're able to manage. Yeah, we have a normal way to communicate. You know, there'll be stakeholders and we'll give them updates. Okay, things are really moving. There's nothing they really need to worry about. They get the confidence and we can easily communicate with them. The team also becomes more confident as we achieve outcomes. Once we do a few releases, I think the team will also be more confident. Yeah, yeah. It just takes time, man. It takes time. I'm supposed to join this call, right? Sorry, Jit is also supposed to join this? Yeah, I need to join the call. Maybe he's busy with other priority items. This might be a minor one. No, actually, yeah, I think Kesia and the others are on the same call. I think they're on a call with more people. Okay, and on that, you know about the IHS reports? They actually made it clear that they won't be able to do anything. That's very strange. Hmm. We're not in a bad situation now then. Yeah, but Klu, they got bought by SP Glo. I actually don't understand why they're in a bad situation. Hmm. That's what it is, yeah. Maybe the contracts didn't go well with these folks. I think they were only reading the terms. I mean, they paid forty-four billion for the acquisition. Yeah, yeah. They have money. The thing is that they are trying to increase the license cost and our renewal is coming up. Maybe our folks wouldn't have accepted this unreasonable increase. That's what happens whenever a new buyer acquires something. For example, at Morgan Stanley, we were working with a product called SARS. Actually, it's not SARS, it's called Digital for eCommerce Surveillance. And once Smars bought that, they increased the price. The way they do it, they create situations where there's no other way than paying the money. So these guys increased prices from some millions to even more millions.