A whole set of new work for the next year. Yeah, it makes sense. Good. What have you asked to update your deck? Okay. Oh, sorry, yeah. This is the third week of not doing it. I'm sorry, so I'll definitely make it better. So if you see, I created a deck and tried to put a lot of content, unformatted. If you see slide number 14, which was the state last week, I wanted to catch up with Manan to correct that. Actually, Manan said he'll share a different template with me. I was supposed to fill it. Unfortunately, I couldn't get to it. Even though I met him this week, I couldn't really drill down into it. But there is something. I tried to populate some content based on what our plan was, right? Which is really not completely right, but yeah. You can open slide number 14 if it's visible to you. It's one of the hidden slides, I guess. But that makes sense. Yeah, it's just my internet disconnected. I was looking at the slide. I see that it's like one big table. Definitely the formatting is wrong. Yeah, completely. Give me a second right now. I'll be back in. Sorry, I don't know why my internet keeps cutting out. Yeah, my idea was to just put all the stuff there and then work together with Manan to format it properly, but which didn't happen since last week. I was trying to do that. Yeah, look, I would say take a look at slide 11. Take a look at slide 11 or honestly, any one of those slides that aren't headings. It doesn't matter. I'm just saying slide 11 is close. Yeah. The right-hand side. Oh, it's like a milestone. Just mystic and I. Yeah, the milestone piece is the one which I haven't figured out properly. Although I did try to put the topics and stuff there, right? That's where I would say you should focus. And I would even say that today is a terrible day for me because I have some doctor's appointments as well. I'm going out of the office. I would otherwise say let's figure out a time. How about let me see what my schedule looks like before 12? I have a screening at 9:30 to 10. Okay, so basically, how about between 10 to 12, right? Any time in that window from 10 AM to 12 PM Eastern. Yeah, which is one to three hours from now. Yeah, we should be able to do that. Well, one thing is I'm not sure about the availability of Case Layer. I just need to complete my release process documentation. I have some documentation but I have challenges in terms of making the change in the incident. So I wanted to catch up with him. It probably shouldn't take a lot of time. Maybe five minutes of work, but just to clarify. Yeah, during that window, you and me can find 15 minutes. Yeah, definitely. So I think definitely it should work. Let me know whenever you're available. This one doesn't take as long as Kisle availability. It should be five minutes or something. Or otherwise, you can help me yourself, or Mamta, you have raised your task documents population on the internet.