So, considering the value? Yeah, just now. I see there's an update. Okay, 606A report, circular directed, will not be included. Her face C rules as you mentioned. You shared for EDGHOP a realized order value exclusion options than 50K, greater than 200K. When they say order value, do they mean the actual total cost of the option? Linkage check, broad. Okay, we should take some of these exclusionary reasons. They never came back on the ALPX equities example, right, on our side? No, I think they are still checking D and GX O1. Yeah, but ALPX1, we sent to them that was the first one. We sent that one before, right? That one, they still haven't sent over to us, right? Okay. Yeah. Actually, we can talk about this in today's school and they can elaborate on this. So I won't be able to join that call. I have a conflict. Oh, okay. Other J of folks. But yeah, just make sure we ask about the equities options. I think they've given the explanation so we can review those. But for equities, we should ask for updates. And then I'm going to send a note out to Tom and Sonal to see where they are with us testing the T plus one alerts, right? So we want to send a ZV, ZZT, which is just like a test symbol to trigger that alert. And also, we need to update the configurations in parameters for the price disimprovement alert, which is the same thing as the T plus one and BBO. So the FI calls it price disimprovement; they will probably use that verbiage, so we should just be careful. But you should be careful when you're on the call. Okay. I'll ask these questions. Anything in the deck, man, that is spending? Hello, I can hear you. Yeah, man, you're not audible. Let me just ping. I'm not sure what happened. G, like, you check the deck once. Oh, he seems to have an issue. I'll check the deck separately. But take a first pass and just let me know if there's anything that you need updates from me on, or you know, specifically, I don't know. Okay, when should we plan to connect with O, with Ian? UI AI stuff for? Just let's actually go one by one and then complete it. I'm sure there are a lot of differences here. So for the equity linkage things, like, the product test was completed, like, now. Then after the product test, you had identified a few mismatches, right? Yeah. What are those mismatches, be? They're still checking the examples that we have sent them, or do we need to specify exactly if this lay? Yeah, like see is asking what are the mismatches. So what did we see that didn't add up? And what we saw was for a venue ALPX. Yeah. Yeah. On a specific day, we had 19 orders that we saw being reportable that followed the same scenario. FI only reported, only showed eight of them in the UI, whereas 11 of them were missing, right? So at least internally, like within this group, those details should be very, very clear. All of at least the three or four of us, at least three out of us, not including Prabhakram, should know what the...