Hey, Vernon. How are we? Hey, guys. What's up? Deep, yeah? We. How are you? I'm ready. Deep is still trying to connect. I'm here. I'm good. I'm not sure if I've met the rest of the folks in this call. Are you guys in Jersey City? Yes, this is. I invited some of my team members. Oh, that's great. The model is one of a developer. He's not much into Snowflake yet, but you know, he's trying to build a few things. Yeah, not yet. But he is my. He helps with self-terms of. Go ahead, sorry. Then I have Fislia, who is part of my catine, the whole cat. The whole cat's processing today runs on Snowflake. There is only one reporting which we do, literally out of Snowflake. You know, there are more like MIS and, you know, Sigma, but these are literally where the processing happens. And then Provakan is a guy in India. You know, he was very excited to join this. He's new to the team. We are trying to build some error handling functionality. We're probably looking at some work close and stuff where he was kind of interested. Amazing. Nice to meet you all. Provana, thank you for joining so late. I know it's a little late and we're part of the world. Yeah, thanks, Dan. Yeah, perfect. So I guess, Dan, you just before Brandon jumps in, I think it'd be helpful. And by the way, for those who haven't met, Dan is Element, account manager here at Snowflake with Jeffries for the last two years or so, starting with JDS and now much more broadly across the organization. Brandon, B, you want to introduce yourself really quick? And then, yeah, I guess, I'm Brandon. I'm Dan's kind of a technical counterpart with Snowflake for about four years. Just started to work with Jeffries over the past few weeks. So it's great to be meeting everyone at Jeffries and all the guys. Okay, uh, thank you, Brandon. Dgy, B, before Brandon jumps in, can you just spend two minutes, um, just sort of giving Brandon a little bit of insight on your org, sort of where you guys sit and, uh, you know, your sort of mandate across Jeff Race? Yeah, yeah, me, my camera. But I mean, um, I don't yeah, we are part of regulatory technology team. We have a team based in UK and US and India. Some of the guys, I am looking at. I look at most of the regulatory reporting from U.S. And what we are doing with Snowflake today is we have multiple point-to-point reporting which is happening for different regulatory requirements. What we are trying to do is we are actually kind of taking the data which we sent to the regulators, the response which we get from the regulators, raw messages which we use for creating and reporting formats. We're trying to kind of store everything into Snowflake and we're creating a lot of MIS on it, right? So this is my message which went out. This is a. This is a response I got. And I'm trying to bring all that together and we are using that. You know, in most of the cases we are doing that. So we are kind of now offering a lot of settled service.