Hey Kasil. Hey Rebecca. Um, what else did you discuss after I left? No, he increased the instance in UAT. He made this a medium instance at least, a Snowflake-optimized one. Um, maybe we can just go with that and he's okay to change anything, right? In UAT. But the thing is, he wants to know how to get the data there. I told him I'll catch up with you to determine that actually. So, the loading and all the scripts and all, but what he said is there is a mirror backup kind of thing in production. If he can get access to it, that's better than running the load script, right? It'll be very painful for this huge data we're looking at. For example, if you have to do 6 months of data, or 3 months of data, it won't be that much. No, so the thing is, if you're trying to use some credits, maybe we can just use it in a better way with proper data, right? Like in some parts of it. Um, wait, so hold on. Instead of calling like load and draw and stuff, what was he saying? He said there is a backup, a broad backup data. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But did he find out about the broad backup? He said he has to find out about that. I mean, can you just check with him? What is that about, actually? Where does he need to talk to get access to the broad backup data? If the backup data can be loaded in UAT, is there a process to it? Then that's good for us. We don't need to run any job, right? For example, if we have some 10 different tables like base PTC and cat tables and all, we don't need to load from the actual file. Instead, the backup data can be directly put into UAT. Um, I don't know if it's just backup data that can go into UAT. I think what, at least my understanding was on that backup side, is they have kind of like a broad mirror or whatever that is just maintaining a copy of what we have on the broad side currently. Hmm. Yeah, that's what the backup is. Okay, I see. Broad mirror is different from backup, you're saying. Correct. I'm basically saying that's the broad mirror or like... But then broad mirror again, same restriction applies, right? I don't think he'll have admin role in terms of adding all the instances actually. But he mentioned backup actually. That's what I was wondering. That'll be like archived somewhere in history, which they'll have a process to just put it into it directly, a very optimized process. Backup can be restored into tables faster, right? So they'll have Snowflake's own process for that. If something like that is there, then that's pretty good, pretty perfect. Yeah, I can check with him, but I think he's going to reach out to Ritin separately and just try to confirm from him. In the interim, like, at least what we can do, maybe for a few months worth of data, but at least...