Okay, let me just say what we have. Rice, one spike. Good. Yep. I think there's still a few people missing, but we do have a good amount of people. Welcome, everyone. I know it's been a while since we've had the FMed weekly call. I think last time it was moved due to Independence Day. Hope everyone had a good time off. We do have some new people who've joined since we've had a firm D call. I just want to introduce. I think Prabhakaran should be the only one. Yeah, I'm pretty, and his is obviously back as well from his paternity leave. So Prabhakkar, maybe I'll give you a few minutes to just introduce yourself as background. He's helping on the Jeffrey side with some of the cat-related MIS and aeron connection frameworks that we're building out. But I'll give the mic over to you, Prabhakaran.

Hey, thank you. Hey everyone. Prabhakaran, right? So I just joined two weeks back. I've been with the financial services industry for the past several years, working with data platforms and regulated reporting-related solutions. Before that I was working with infrastructure monitoring products in the development space for several years. I'm based out of Bangalore, and I'm really excited to be part of this team. I appreciate the diversity of names, and I'm looking forward to connecting with everyone here.

Good to see that we have more of a growing presence within Bangalore. I know a good amount of the rest of the team is also in Bangalore. Hopefully, if I make a trip this year, we can try to do something in Bangalore as well, just get together.

Thank you. Yep. Cool. Moving on after that, I think there's been a lot of other projects in the pipeline, some proposals that we've sent out, and a lot of development on the tool side. We also have Siddarth on, who is currently interning with us. Sidharth, you want to take a few minutes to just introduce yourself as well?

Sure, thank you. Hi, everyone. My name is Darth, and I'm a recent grad from University of Massachusetts. I've been interning for the last three weeks, and it's been a great journey so far. I'm working mostly on development. My background is in machine learning and software development, and I hope that I can contribute a lot more in the upcoming few months. And yeah, it's really nice to be part of the team. Thank you.

Welcome, Siddarth. Thank you for all the work, and just as a heads up towards the tail end of the meeting, we'll have Siddarth to a little update.