Today, before we go on to take the slides and discussion, may I please request everyone to unmute yourself and give a big round of applause? Not only for yourself, but also for the team members with whom you've worked throughout the year, the leadership, and everyone together. Wherever we've reached today is because all of us worked together to be here. So a big round of applause for everyone.

We need a solid fix next day. Wait, somebody play a YouTube video? No, but the hesitancy is good at that. So again, as we go through the deck, we'll see how different people have contributed in their own unique ways for us to achieve what we've achieved over the past year.

What we'll be covering in this deck is basically a recap of 2025. We'll be recognizing contributions made by a lot of people. We will be looking at a vision of 2026. How does it look like? And we'll also have a question and answer session at the end. So in case during the presentation you guys have any questions, make a note of it. We'll dedicate some time for you guys to come up and ask those questions. It's very important for all of us to understand what the next year looks like.

Now, let me ask Harshad, Arjun, and Rahul to take the next few slides, which is a recap of 2025. Understand what we have done, what are our learnings from those, what we did well, and most importantly, discuss the people who did that. Over to you, Harshad.

Thanks, Neil. So again, real quick, right? If you look at the client base, I think everyone should be very, very proud of the work that everyone's done. To Neil's point, if you just look at this slide, you know, this is just a glimpse of the clients that you work with. If you look across, you work with the largest hedge fund in the world. You work with the largest crypto exchange in the world. Jeffries, which has been probably our first client. In fact, it's one of the top 5 lesser banks in the world. When we started working with them, they were close to not being in the top 10. So as that film is, as we've blown, that film has grown as well. And as you guys can see, there's plenty of tier one class that we continue to work with, right?

So again, we had a very good year. We had a couple of misses, right? I think as you guys know, when we give credit, we got to reflect and see what we should have done better as well, right? I think this slide could have been even better. Maybe we would have had the top 5 global banks or the number 2 investment bank in the world, the top bank of the world should have been on these slides as well. So we missed our mark on that, right? We tried, we tried for most of the year to try to get into a couple of these big accounts. But I think we are ending the year pretty strong.