Hey, so with DBT, right, one question I had is where exactly are we going to be utilizing it? Is it primarily in the submission summary just to speed up some of the retrieval and querying aspect? No, so it provides a lot of modularity, a sort of templating, simplicity, and data quality checks everything out of the box. It's like, you know, when you create a view, right, for example, in Snowflake, connecting a lot of tables, we can do the same thing with DBT. It's SQL only, right? SQL with a capability with a Python expression within, actually. It's like, you know, within YAML you add JavaScript, right? In the same way, within SQL, you can add a Python expression. So it makes a lot of the complex operations in SQL that can be done with Python, and it's structured very well, very modular. So basically, we can write a SQL view now and then we can transform it into DBT later for better maintainability, more control, and data quality and testing and other stuff. So it's nothing different. Either you can have a separate DBT itself, which talks to Snowflake and gives you data, like let's build an API in Python and in that let's call a DBT, and DBT takes care of talking to Snowflake and returns the data we need. On the other hand, you put the DBT object directly in Snowflake, just call the object from the Python API and that returns the data. So it's not much different from SQL views, materialized views, or some other views we create, right? So it's purely SQL mostly, and additional options to add Python expressions within the SQL. And the benefits, objects and stuff, they are, yeah, so Snowflake has an option. So when I tried to create it, it was not set up for me, so I wanted some help around how to do that directly like a Snowflake object, even to create separate, you know, DBT, they call it model for everything, right? So every view you create, I guess, is called a model there. So we can create our own model SQL models there and put it in the repository, and then we can run it separately as well. So it doesn't have to be part of Snowflake itself. DBT can work with anything. Like, you know, once you create a DBT, it can work with any relational database as an additional layer, like we used to call ORM layer and all, right? So it could be something like that, but still it's SQL. So, it's definitely not an object anyway, so it's still a relational record-based thing, right? So the thing is, people start using DBT as an intermediate layer for any relational databases. It could be Snowflake today, tomorrow could be, you know, Postgres or something else, but DBT works across any databases. Okay, cool. So the thing is that it provides some capabilities. If you think your view is going to be very complex, we can leave some of the Python expressions to simplify it and modularize it, all these things starting with that.