I think you coordinated with Mamta already, right? Yes, so we were discussing how to set up the progress server on our side and create a table that's used for the Python script's automation. Same thing. Of course, what I have experienced? Yeah, same thing. Okay, so that's a part of it. So Mando, what are the timelines that we are looking for this implementation? I think it should be done within one or two days, I guess. We just need the database to be ready in one to two days. We just need to make sure that our job is running perfectly and we need to know where we need to create the tables, whether we are using PostgreSQL only, or do you want to use something else? I think that just sounds good. I mean, if anybody has anything new to suggest, please... No, but for the local demo, right Amdad, do you think we decided on PostgreSQL, but what do you think? Would something like any other database be much faster for you? Otherwise, apart from PostgreSQL, because anyway, when we go to the cloud, we probably have to put it in whatever we choose there. We may have to move this there, a little bit of work changing. It's not directly portable to the cloud as such. The whole idea—we want to continue on this path—is we need to keep it ready for the demo and should be able to run it from the local, right? And that's why we went with this. If you see challenges with using PostgreSQL for connections, maybe if you feel Microsoft SQL Server is easier for you, probably you can go with that. I don't have anything against it. But if it's fine, if you are having PostgreSQL running, probably need to put a connector for that itself, right? So do you see any challenge with that? No, but I don't know how we will be scheduling our jobs or Python scripts with PostgreSQL. So I just need to check that. Oh, I see. Okay, sorry, wait a minute. So what you're saying is that Python script means like you are trying to put some of the solution in Python and run it as a process, is it? No, so what we have right now is that Python script from where we are generating dot CSV files, right? From there we are ingesting the actual data. Yeah, I think that we don't need to run it every time, right? Like if we run it once and generate the data, we just need to load that data directly to whatever database we create and use the test data. But from a future perspective, if we need today's data, we will need to go back again manually and run that again to get the data. So if we automate that, like we can schedule it every day at 8 AM, for example. I see. So you're trying to use the script to run every date so that we keep generating the CSV every day. Oh yeah, and PowerBI is also getting refreshed every day for that particular date's data. But is that script random enough to generate new data? Is it going to be the same data every...