I want to check how the make it works for the cancer replacement. Media, I also sent you a note about that conflict location, right? I want to take an export of that conflict with the descriptions and wherever we have supervision in six or six related verbiage, our one age in fact that, keep that in an Excel and I want to start running through that. Into a sense is comfortable. Yeah. Anything that's not six or five, six or six, like specifically related and called out, we should remove and we can leave up the before, right? Like wherever you have firm as FFFF, you can remove those. Those are just dummy entries that FIS created. Only Jeff and WGSV should be the ones that show up over here.

Okay, I'll do that and get it reviewed from you. What will I be working on today? I was just checking the mails. I'm onboarding the APAP data into Snowflake. The main thing is Hashi. Hashi brought to they don't think we put in anything yet, right? Is there a broad space? Because you will have to create a broad credentials as well and put that in. The other thing is so did you also send me his script? And he's doing it in a way that might not require us to make further changes down the line. Or if we need to make changes, we can make it as an operational CM instead of a normal CM. I want to share that script with you as well. But at least on your side, you confirm AAC, at least it's onboarding, we did the test in UAT as well and it's working as expected.

Yes, yeah, we have tested that on. It was working fine that time. That's what we discussed. And like you were saying, you will ask Aditya to check that on broad environments and things because we do not have rights for that. What I do is send me some steps on his side as well for what he said for Hashi and Dave went out just this while. Did some of their Hashi changes. I want you to review those and see as well, just to see if we can do anything similar because what the issue happens right on their side. See for us, they're using the Python Library to get the authentication and the keys and everything, right? What they are doing is they have added the certificate directly in production on their side. We can do that as well. Is something with this certificate just so that they didn't need to go in and use a separate library to decode the keys. And that, so where we're decoding the keys as well, right? I only want to try to make sure that that decoding happens outside of the environment variable script. Otherwise, if there's any change that's needed, we can't go to the configure. Make a change to like a function of the script. So I would like that to be moved into the actual as a separate function in what is it, what is in the actual onboarding and like the pulling script as opposed to being in the consideration in both of them.

Yeah, yeah, that can be just like a helpful function. Yeah, so we can do that as well. Okay.