Hey Christa. Hey Rebecca. Can you hear me? Yeah, I can hear you. Yeah, how's it going, Provoca? Going good. Going fine so far. Yeah, I saw your note as well. I'll try to get the errors in for you today in just a little bit so that on Monday, like your morning time, you have kind of those admits to tests on your side as well. So I'll put it in later in the evening. I'm not sure, I just have my laptop with me. No problem. And I'm going to get some food in a bit. So once I'm on the train back home, I can start putting the errors data in for you. Yeah, no problem. Yep. But even the call that we have written under, I think it should be pretty straightforward. Like we could even do the testing and stuff on our side. Venetia has created the UI context file. Okay. What we need to do is just make sure the backend table. We have to change the reference to the backing table once that entire backing table structure is created or not using the submission sum review. Yeah, and I think once that is completed and the UA context file is done, then it should be very little lifting for another, just because even with the GPT, we're thinking we'll tag it to cat only just so that it shows up as a separate swim lane apart from all those executions and allocations. And we should be good there, I think. Okay, so my thinking was like, you know, right now the expectation from the context file probably looks like it just directly maps to existing columns, that's it. It will pull from there and show it and possibly do some operation in some of these different columns, right? Then, you know, doing some sort of operation on it, like taking a field, changing it or something like that. So right now you expect each field in the table column should be mapped to one field in the context, actually, right? That's what it is. Pretty much, at least to start off. I think that's right. Because right now we have defined a lot of our stages, at least, right? I have a column called stage. It'll take any stage value there. Then having, you know, base PTC separately or final PTC separately or submission separately, irre separately kind of thing, right? Our initial thinking was we'll have separate columns for that. Now I just changed it to only one column, stage. Either we need to change the context just to show only the stage or we may have to do some sort of derivation logic to make success in each of these stages based on what the stage column has, right? Either the stage column, no, you're right. I get what you're saying. Either the stage column or even the fact that we go to like submission, somebody, like say, I think you're already tracking the latest stage as a specific field. Correct. So we can put in logic that if, let's say, we're in the cat stage, then we know we...