Like, the correct automatically or, you know what, Dalje was telling yesterday. Like, correct me if I'm wrong, or he said there should be something which keeps doing as and when what someone requires. So, see, let's say, for example, all the stuff that we have in the current Python NER corrections script, right, that I sent over to Prabhakrent. At least we should be able to see how many of those errors we are still getting. And I think those should be autocorrected. Those we know how to correct, we are already correcting as part of BRU. So those should just be autocorrected on our side. I know, so he also mentioned one more thing in addition, right? It's like that script autocorrect in submit so that somebody approves it, so that it goes into the flow, right? So we should be mindful of that, yeah. Instead of directly putting it, he just wanted that. So we need to integrate that into the current flow, so that whenever we see these set of errors which we know already how to deal with, we just need to make corresponding correction and submit that record as an adjac or whatever which somebody from UAT or somewhere approves at that point, then we put it into PTC from there. Yeah, so if you guys remember, in the PowerPoint that I showed yesterday, right, there is a submission queue box that I have. Yeah, that's a good idea. Yeah, yeah. So let's say the workflow works like this, right? Let's say we onboard error files and we have all the supplemental files that we need. Like PCC, all anything like reference and static data. The first thing, maybe that our script does, or we have a separate task, is the errors that we know get automatically corrected. Those, as we put in the files or once we're done onboarding all of the data in the file, let's say all of those ten error codes or ten flavours of errors that we have. Those automatically just go into the submission queue, waiting for someone to like approve it. That can be good. And then the second flavour is the user functionalities, right? Let's say there's an error that we don't know how to correct or we know is not getting automatically corrected and requires some kind of user intervention, right? Maybe a user needs to delete the record or maybe a user needs to update a specific value, something like that, right? Those require some kind of immediate user action. Either way, whatever that action is, we can list it as a key feature, right? And I think our key feature, at least to start off, should be as simple as allowing users to delete records. And when I say allowing them, I mean making sure that their delete action just goes into the submission queue, still requiring some form of an approval from whoever is the person that is going to be approving these. And then the second one is just a handful of columns. I'm talking like five fields, maybe, that are not key critical fields. Like quantity is not a key critical field. Price is not a key critical field. Something like that, right?