Hey, guys, can you hear me? Yeah, alright, cool. Let me share with you this new quality where I have even... what is that? Let me... is it okay? Yeah, I've added a clause for final PTC as well, which we can use. The only thing is, right now we're going to have to bend it for each and every single event based on the cat's family table, and we will have performance issues on Modis if we're doing it on the cat orders consolidated. So what this is doing right now is just looking at a specific table. It's just looking at specific tables and then it has clauses into the BDC. So this query that I just sent you should return around 18 million rows per. One thing it is doing is looking at the cat events first and then the PDC. So you will need to change this join to essentially look at PTC events and then map it to CAT. So we'll have to change that join in a sense. But the main thing I'm getting at is to build this out for each and every single event, we would have to join it to each and every single table. Which is why, instead of joining it to each and every single table, I think we should first create a separate table which has data going on a daily basis. And if you could just share your screen, because I can't join the teams on my laptop for whatever reason, then we can show the other folks as well. Yeah, but the main thing is that's what I'm not querying. Let's get the result. The main thing is see, we'd have to union and do it through all different tables. I want to not do that. I want to get all of the cat events into one table with only the subset of data that we need, right? And what is the subset of data that we need? We need the business date. We need the order ID. We need the event type. Maybe we can even source a few things like event timestamp or at least anything that we would do to generate the F ID. So we should decide our columns for this new table that we create for all cat events, okay? Whether it's an event, whether it's a route event, whatever event it is, I think it should all go into one table and we can use the subset of columns to essentially join into the PTC in order to derive this view. So if I see this existing consolidated view, just try to do the left join of every possible event type there from cat standard, right? And that's how it has been seen. It's a very huge, you know, a lot of lines of code to do that. That's how it's been done. So what we have to do is still do the same, although we run it to save it into a single file, actually maybe we're scheduled time or something like that. But again, are we okay with storing the whole data written one more time, right? In that maybe it's only for subset of columns, but although it'll have same set of 150 million records there, right? That's one thing I think we had.