Tools or data should not have been reported in that way. There should be no event created in the market. Richard mentioned something to you that I want to review with you, because his whole change was super messy, right? No, that's not what I was talking about. But why is Andrew saying it won't be reported? If it will not be reported, that means he's suppressing it from being reported. The broker part of his... let me understand this also. I believe they may have sent in equity from somewhere, but we don't have those in the system. He said it should be recorded, but he responded to that. It may be wrong. But then he doesn't have access to that data. Like now, he doesn't have access to it because it has been wiped off. So I asked him if there's any way we can get it from somewhere. We have the PTC records for it, right? Thanks. And I have six texts also now. Thanks for the point. So let me just go back and see. The main issue here was overreporting in a manual broker fill scenario, right? Where a customer order is coming in and there is a manual broker action taken on that order. And what Andrew was doing is... you were talking about this, yeah? So I'm not talking about that issue. You know, the market session for the convertible bond desk was set up, right? Wherein from 4 PM to 6 AM we will trade. Oh, I see. Hold on. So I don't think this has any involvement with JO at all, though. Why do you think this one has involvement with JO? Okay, okay, no, you reached out to Andrew, right? So like, I reached to Andrew for this. Did you mention me to refer to Andrew? Not for this one. I'm saying this is not related to Andrew or JO at all. Whenever we reach out to Andrew, it's going to be for something JO related. So this is basically, they usually entered something in JO, but they're going to stop entering it in JDO, and they're going to enter it in USDP, which is Fidessa. So Andrew is not involved in this testing at all. JDO is also not involved in that testing. Ryan and Ak should be involved with the site. Yeah, Ryan and Ak. QA and Ryan have... you know, I will tell you, I think. So what was the task? I was supposed to understand when the UAT starts, and then confirm the UAT, and then our expectation from Andrew was that he would give us some Excel document which has all IDs or something where we can track back to. I don't think for this one we probably don't need Andrew at all. Okay, so what are the next steps? We will take a look at the JID data that were sent over and then the Nets QA orders that were sent over. Yeah, this is all UAT. Any kind of testing is always going to be UAT. So for this, you will have to dig into some data, right? Yes, I can get you the Fidessa files. I'm sorry, the Nets files. The main thing I want to make sure of is, let's say if there's a test that's done today or tomorrow, we should be quick to pull out the files from QA, at least the PTC ones, just so that if we need them we have them ready.