Like, what is happening with error correction and where we are at? That, I'm updated. Secondly, I just wanted to share the screen here. Okay, and I have you. On the cat's, it's nearly called when do we receive? Say, for example, on that terror, if FS is uploaded, do we receive P at that moment? No, there is a just job that goes and puts this feedback at a file. Yeah, so that FIS underscore download folder, right in when SP that we do the check-on, that's the folder that it comes in. And it picks up essentially the TAR files, which is the actual submission files as well as the aerophiles from the exact same location. Okay, so for example, I'm running this query I have highlighted. Okay, for September, and you know, I'm looking for like it's where order system ISO. Okay, and I've given a little bit ten, but then I see nothing being produced. But what is? And spelling. So there are, you look at distinct order systems also, then you see there are two spellings for Joo, Jedu and Jo. Like, I think for everything, there are two spellings: capital L and capital. Just remove the Jo filter. Oh, make a capital J. Yeah, I lose that also. Oh, your laundry? You're looking at laundry. You're looking at nonpro. If you see the link above right, like look at the URL. You see it broad. Yeah, you see that N frod? That means it's nonp. Okay, what, I think this is where I. No, I'm not loading in data every day. Okay, portrait. Yeah, I think you're still problem. Then on this P and all I found the, I couldn't understand what the message was actually. What the message was trying to communicate. Okay, let's open up the message. Yep. So there and Egypt. PF is Jeff only, right? Um, yeah, it's Ping Jeffrey, basically. And it's 23347 only for everything. It's 2347 for everything. Yep. Hook l a bunch of. Please. These are not, you just. Now, if you see a file they have shared with us, a P has a rect. Okay, and these are all with either up ps and then. Yeah, these are all with pearls, okay? Correct, right, but when he checks the feedback, we have gotten. Let's pull it up. I have it to leave me up. So do you? No, nobody. No, this is the link. Okay. And CI. Oh, I mean, I have it pulled out yet. So you see the errands have. Okay, and these are 27 of them. And with pearls, we have 246 of them, right? Minus one. So which to the submission of PTSF and P is equal to whatever they have said. Okay, so you've separated P versus PF. It looks to me all of the options were recorded as PF, and then show me the first step of it PRS. Okay, all of these were reported as equities. All of the PRS were reported as equities. What we will need to do is see whether or not PRS or PS reported any of these with a separate embed. And mainly, we typically don't use this PRS receiver I meant as a value on our side. So we need to see how this conversion actually came in place. To do that, we will have to take a look at, let's see what order system this is. Can you tell me what aud?