Good morning. So Manan had an issue with LVD, I guess. The problem is I was working on the PPT right now and everything is ranked again. So I'm on this but I can't at the moment. If you get out of the Zoom call, is it better for you? No, no. Like, I am on the Zoom call now. I know there's some system crash and I'm trying to login again. Connection interrupting is what they're showing. But just to give you an update: Field 1 and Field 2 require some more work. I have filled Page 3. I think there is no query that needs to be done. And Phase 1 detail overview as well—I've tried creating a flow. If you could just verify the flow and if you could add a few information points on the professor where the arrows are going, that can make the flow better. Yeah, I'm looking at it right now. So I think Page 2 SC details populated Stage 1 as well. I wanted to essentially, at least in the final overview page, I think you can just see like for the key points instead of currently having the diagram, right? So if we can put just the bullet points for the Phase 1 thing, I can fill in the face CMI, attach foot pieces from a previously defined document that we have. I think you have some in the third slide in itself—ownership and tagging, correction review, and whatnot. Yeah, nonetheless, there is one correction wherein it has divided to 4. Yeah, I think that has a good point of the information I was reading on the chain. I will put some of that in the Word document. If your BTSTA was correct, then I want you to put that in the Phase 1 details with at least one of the points sent over, and then do anything that you think can be taken. What I'm going to do is get rid of one slide. I'm going to get rid of Slide 2 and just bucket it appropriately for the correction framework. Just call them submission, summary, screen error correction, and then the actual MIS speech. So I think if we maybe strip Slide 2, Slide 4, Slide 5—I think we just have to call out how the design is going to work. Excel will have some examples to add. I think if we add Excel examples for error correction or submission summary, we should be okay. Then we just need majority of the work from the XR file, right? Because we go from a visual perspective, go through the Excel file, and whatever schemas and all that's just over with structure and complete one month, right. You want to put it in like this side? Yeah, or the link or something, whatever we have. If we can put it, then actually add it to the XL also. Because I think the first time the market is also presenting something, and they might not like it if we don't have the correct material or not. Okay, just want to be clear on that.