And then once we also have the market data, we will try to create a check press report on our own, right? Correct, yeah. So plan A is to go with FIS. Plan B is to try to generate that report internally on our own side. We're exploring, and I think we need to start exploring plan B a little bit more aggressively on our side. Okay. And is there a document—like, how a T plus one record or report is made? For example, as we know, there's a document that shows how it is generated. Is there a document I can also look at? I will forward you the email chain that pretty much has the extent of information that we have. So we don't have a sample report or anything, but there is a sample entry showing how it looks on the M side. Who is the compliance reviewer? We mainly spoke with him on a call, and he gave us the requirements and at least what the current functionalities being done on both sides are. All right, I'll record it. So this is the major update on the six or five and the other reports we are doing. And there's something on the comparative analysis also, right? That one we gave more access to already. So he has access to the advised broad UI, and it's essentially on him right now to do the comparison on his end so that he can confirm that FIS's comparison UI is okay for him to use. So we need intact sign-off of that, which should essentially come from him already. You can actually make a zero for the one. Yeah, we don't need to assign it more specifically, but we should track it just so we're following up and then we can document his response and his ultimate sign-off or any kind of concerns he has with it. Will do that. Okay. And for this deep one also, we can make—yeah, so if you can make at least a ticket on your side for what is the onboarding and stuff that you are doing, right? All of it will essentially flow into that ticket for the T plus one reports. There might already be a ticket for the T plus one reports, but that might be a little bit more into just the analysis and stuff that we've done for it. Okay. I think there were a few old tickets which we had closed. So I will, once you forward me the email, go through the email and understand what the exact requirements are, and then create two tickets tidily. There would be two tickets: one wherein we need the API for the market data and somebody needs to just coordinate with Raw. And the second one to upload all other data, whatever we have on the UAT environment so that we can do a simulation. Yeah, all right. Okay, these two. Okay, now I'll open the zero board also. I think I've missed quite a bit in the last call. Let me and you just speak on separately, man, in the interest of time. Okay, all right. Yeah. And then on CA specifically, what I want you to do is I wa—