Okay, five minutes then, John. Okay, let's have a discussion in the meanwhile. So are you ready for the demo now with everything? I'm ready to team, but there are some changes in the last part and we can give the demo. We are ready for the demo, right? But it's one and a half hours old, okay, that's it. We are giving the demo anyway tomorrow, right? To ourselves. Correct. So let's do it and then you'll take one and a half hours more. So let's keep a call at around eight then. We are going out. Hello? Yeah, okay, so the sales team works for you, right? Okay, I'll be big. I said take it. At least for many publishing, yeah. Okay, I'm also done with the PPT. Like multiple iterations, I think two iterations we have done. So now, whatever comes in and I think they'll be good now because I've included everything that they said. Now, whatever review feedback comes, Rasha will give, so accordingly I'll modify. Yeah, I can show you. Could suggest first that we go to look. We could go to the suggestion center. Okay. So to the functionality there, but it's a short sale, so good. Short sale over. Short sales are cool. Short sales and a half. So short sales card, they're there? Ticket, Apple, your mistake. There you go. Okay, so exception to click, control case to evaluate page opens. And if you will open this one, so exception dashboard makes total exceptions and segregation units accordingly, chart banner. This is my team aggregation stage. Or if you click on something, the entire modified data, if you will click on a prime, then according to prime key changes. Okay, though you're happy in the business date care, according filter out, and then you're happy. It's total exception, Sydney, or total records in ledger. Right now some books, this pure data changed. And none of them, in the books, the name is all here and numbers are here. Oh yeah, pay table book, rapper book, whatever you want to search for, you can just click on that and accordingly the pure data changes. So same with source systems, like these exceptions by symbols are going to, of course, if you look, respectively, all of these according modify. And here, exceptions, say if exception is equal to Y, then we will be showing it as exceptions. You by department. And here everything remains the same, though just though tables are like one rig exceptions. It's may subset. You can filter it out on the exceptions as well. And yes, if exceptions, and you can modify it according to the dates, like at twenty-five December for December, okay, recording for data change. Chicken. So just like that. First page. Oh yes, it's galaxy, okay? I'm going to go bold. Mad lavaker in normal jorat.