Hey folks, good morning. Hey Steve. So maybe we don't specifically need to wait for Daljit. I think he should join, but Stephen, let me give you a little bit of background on what we're currently working on. I think you've seen the PR that went out from Phatran, who is new on the team on my side. We're essentially trying to streamline the process of reviewing CAT submissions and linking them to the raw format PTC files that we get and submit to the vendors, and then tracking the feedback and errors, the validation that we get on those—whether they're internal validations or if FINA gives us specific feedback on these records. There's also the vendor FIS that actually does these submissions in the CAT format. So we're dealing with two hops of data processing: from a PTC perspective going to the CAT submission regulator perspective, and then getting errors and doing our own internal validations on those regulatory submissions. What we want to do is expose the various steps and processing for a specific record that goes out and gets submitted to the regulators and facilitate correction of those records via the UI on our side. For that, we've worked with two main screens that you're probably seeing on my Zoom right now. One screen gives us a submission overview—it shows the overall health of when you submitted a record, what the record was in the base PTC format, what it was in the final PTC format, how the submission went, and if you had any errors, what those errors look like. The way we fix errors is we don't directly modify them; instead, we submit a new record. Essentially, you're replaying a record that was previously submitted and resubmitting it with a few changes. We want to be able to track if something was resubmitted, when it was resubmitted, and what that resubmission ultimately looks like, because these are the kinds of questions we also get from regulators about when a correction was performed, when an update was done, and what the overall count or details about the specific update were. So to facilitate this, we're trying to build two screens. One is the submission summary page, which you're seeing here. This is very similar to the current CAT UI. The current CAT UI was built only to give transparency to what was submitted to the regulators. We're essentially trying to bridge what was happening on the processing side and expose that as part of this updated screen that you're seeing here.