Was it set up for these guys yet? No, I had to create a repo for it actually. I don't think so. Did he do it for Bacaron? No, I haven't read it. I just tried to create something, but then I wanted your file export, which is why I asked for it, right? Based on the naming convention you've used, I wanted to set up the repository. So I can push it if you want now. Can you just try once? I need that GitHub URL. Because we need to create files, right? When I need to start storing things, we'll create a Docker Compose file so that he can start using it, customize it, and set up the Docker instance. Then he'll need to create a schema for how to set up the Liquid schema of the tables and run the Docker command to create those tables within the database as well. All those files need to be stored somewhere. Right now, he's going to copy them from the CAT tool that we already have. But we can't use the same stuff because that's specific to CATs, so we need to create new custom files. To create that, we need to store them somewhere, and it's better that we initialize this Git repository so that you guys can store all the files related to this project within that repository. Okay, we were planning to use your database for now because we just need one schema over there, and we can create one table if you want us to. Yes, it's the same thing. I haven't set up anything. The Docker Compose file is what sets up the entire database in one line. So you just have to type out one Docker Compose command, and that's it. You don't need much. You have to obviously install the dependencies and everything, but other than that, nothing much is needed once you have that. That's why I want to get that setup going so that we don't have to move back and forth again and again. So one question: you have a repo. I would like a clone service running for the databases. You'll anyway have to create a local one. So I was thinking about this. For your setup, are you planning to run it locally in your local instance with Docker? Not worried about ECS at the moment, just to run PostgreSQL locally, you know? Okay, I see. Locally, as a local instance? Okay, got it. Yes, yes. So you're going to have your Docker Compose in your repo. What you're suggesting is we create our repo and put our own Docker Compose, spin up a PostgreSQL in our local environment. Exactly. That's what I've been doing on the captain repo. So until you and I can figure out an actual cloud deployment, I think doing this locally is the easiest way to do it. But again, I think they have a Windows environment. They have to set up all these Docker agents and everything.