From that theme conversation that we had, the reason that we're building this red platform dashboard is so that technology, which is us, doesn't have to participate in compliance operations. What does that mean? Like the fact that Manan is doing error correction is not within our rules and responsibilities, right? If we're being honest with ourselves, we're technology, we're ETL. Why are we performing corrections on a regulatory submission? That's Reg Ops, right? Right now, our team does a lot of regops and compliance operations, and even support. If a job fails or something like that, we have to manually run files. That sounds like something that you did today. Or maybe even, but even that makes more sense because that's tech support, right? But we do a lot of compliance support and regulatory support. Which is why the correction dashboard is such a key piece to get us out of that space and send that over to somebody else. For me, that's my priority going into this call. For that reason, I really want to talk with Manan about what documentation we should be producing for the errors that he handles on a regular basis. How he handles it, and how somebody new would have to handle it. Step by step instruction guide for using the portal for the user, right? So for me, it's focusing on that transition, and it's going to come with a lot of documentation. I want a level of expectations today on what we should do and how we should be going about solving that problem. That's what my focus is going to be. The way that I was thinking of addressing that on the call was having Pakan walk us through a couple of his different error correction tickets, like real life situations where he's doing error correction. Then we talk about how he does the error corrections today and how they will look different tomorrow or how they should look different tomorrow once this correction piece is actually in production. Yeah, that makes sense. Let's take out the design, but at the same time, also keep the user transition in mind. The design aspect is going to be a small part of that conversation for me. I'm sure you want it in a design very detailed fashion. Yeah, yeah, I understand. Makes sense. Let me bring back what we discussed on the last call, in case that's what we should actually start with. So a couple of things I did, right? If you see, we are obviously doing correction automation. I was trying to understand from him what kind of piece he wanted to really automate in terms of error correction. He was trying to run through one of the examples where he went to the error table and then looking at a particular error and trying to connect it.