We've been... what's strange here? There were some painters on the location. I put allocated, you allocate two drops together. That was one challenge that I had.

So these two were my 94, 95, right? Because the one I booked, then I changed it to this. Not that I have to 9, same facing, 84, 8, but it's not the same size. I didn't see as switching to put them together. The whole reason, even this was a different size, actually. The whole took them is because they are coming in smaller sizes. I think you went for a smaller one, a smaller one and just was like this. Yes, like that. Here also same thing. That's why I went to this. This became bigger. This number 5. Actually, it was if you put them 9 something thousand something. So that's why I took that set.

Now it's Sunday. It wouldn't be good? I was, what maximum I with that, because there were some landlord location which had to be done there. And things were going completely out of hand. I was not here. I was not aware of this.

See, now this marking water way you see, it is only 40 percent marking. 40 percent release marketing. The weekend does it mean that it is an out? It is so. It is only 40% release that is being allowed. When we take the money, we cannot take it to the recessions. You know that at this time mission, now we have moved back slightly. That's what you're getting from the crisis, actually speaking.

Anybody tried to release the spec. I have not seen the chat because I didn't want to even say that. The only thing is it was my constraint in getting disallocated, but I was perfect, you, the environment thousand. Okay, just going into 2004, 00 and said less price if you. If you say that you give a thousand 200, I'll be super okay.

That, ooh, not meant a little bigger size, but not too big. That's a. I also remember the initial having you and I know very much okay with the allocation or something. That was one convincing factor. So that also considering this, I somehow got that allocated. Trust me about this.

It's a facing I. I mean, no, but then there won't be any. They make it, I don't know my time how to make a decision. Going for the beginning, it actually just. I need some time because, you know, the reason being that I just started listening to a new startup form, right? So the thing is I was planning to fund the whole thing as my own actually and I'm taking a loan. Now if that is a confusion with getting loans and things, I don't want to impact that here, right? So that's what I mean. This is covered. I put back. I can dig this allocation. But worst case, you're not able to fund, don't think, try to keep any one of this. One year, release it or try to send it off. Okay.

But the current price, minimum minimum you can expect around 5,500, 600, 700 minimum. If you are sending this any of this. But the current price for near pr is 6,000. Now this is a tank, considering everything you should minimum get 5,000. Okay. So.