Hey, hello. Can you hear me? Yeah, I can hear you fine. Cool, let me shut the screen. So that consolidated query really helped a lot, actually. Instead of doing it individually, I did it for the whole thing. Let me run it. Let me shut the screen. Let me see if I can see this now. Yeah, so this part of the query here—not this. So this returns results already ordered by business date. It takes both JDE and Jeff Raptor expectations within the last seven days, picks up a particular business day in which I should have both of these systems. And I need to have at least 10 records for each type. Okay, so now I will have each type with 10 records and it will have a mix of both system types in it. Now I do the regular stuff like filter the destination, the source, and then join, score, and then return the event type also on this. And the table is consolidated, obviously. So if I run this—let me run the whole thing. Actually, I can open it while it's running. I'll pick up the old query. So there was—I see at least one example, if you see that here, right? This one here. I picked up one record I was trying to see. It was having the same order ID and it was having multiple types, and each has a score of one for different records. Maybe this one sort of helps us to cover more event types. Maybe this seems like the order went through multiple event types, I guess. Yeah, so that is definitely possible. The order can have multiple event types, and the same order ID can be reflected over different days. So if today JDE is reporting order ID A, tomorrow it can also report order ID A. No, no—at least in this case, it's the same date, right? I filtered by date. The date has to be the same. And then the main thing here, right, is I see that you are probably joining into the orders. But in the CA orders consolidated table, you also have routes over there. I see. So there are some cases where you would have to filter those out specifically and just make sure that if the event type is being captured or, you know, essentially used as a route, then we know that a match on the orders, even if it has a score of one, will be incorrect because the routes don't have a creative score. Yeah, it doesn't have one, right? If you see, in this you can consider two of them, probably right? One is the one which has a perfect score of one, obviously that's a right card. And there are cases where some of the event types, we don't have quantities present, right, in the source, right? That's different. For those, you can have at least 0.9, right? So 0.9 here indicates clearly that the ones which have quantity DSL. So which means we can have—okay, anyway, you don't want routes here, right? It's related to routes anyway, correct? Correct. So in this case, if we see—this is okay, again, this is MEOR. Is this fine? No, no. So see, that is a route. Yeah, okay. Pretty much anything that ends—not an...