How was everyone at home? All good? All fine, man. We're back in Bangalore now. Obviously there was sadness for over two weeks, so that's terrifying now. Yeah. All the kids were not going to school, but they'll be back now, so we had to resume the whole normal process. They're all starting their schools from tomorrow—one at 12, another at 4, I think. It stays on some other call, looks like. Yeah, he seems to call yet.

So what's your plan? What time will you reach the site? Morning. My flight is 7:30, and then I think around 10:30 or something—9:30, sorry. I'll reach 9:30.

Anywhere... I need to remove that, right? Yeah, remove all references. I removed it in the config space. Where right now I think there are a few places where Airflow is mentioned, but from Xeras and PPT and all, I'll remove it. I see, okay, got it. Yeah, let's just remove because before we take it to Stephen, we don't want to have any of this Air stuff because it might cause discussion. Eventually whenever it comes in, we can go in and update like references. That's going to be anywhere just from a workflow scheduling standpoint. But for now, let's remove any Airflow instances. The only additional tool references that we should just call out are DBT. That's the only one. Okay. So I'll say Snowflake tasks wherever it calls Airflow because that's already there. Don't call it as IT scheduling or just something like that. Yeah, yeah. And then there was some AI stuff also that you've done, right, Prabhan? Yes. Can we see that? I know we have little time, but I want to see if we can maybe show some of it. Our focus on the call with AI should be just the fact that we're building out the screen and normalizing some of the tables. Okay. And getting the errors in. So we have kind of a full submission screen. You have, and going through all the liquor-specific use cases. Because right now, I think there will be multiple entries for many-to-one mappings. We will need to prune through and go through many-to-one mappings for complex options and the execution results. Yeah. Let me just open that notepad which I created for this classification stuff, right? And then we can come back to that. Okay, where is it? No, no, you're right. I have not. I don't have the client ID. Client, what you need. Can you share your name? Well, Prabhan pulls it up. This will be the link at the out and across the system, some of the decision makers, I think, as well. You sent that and then you should just ask for your, using your name, please. So it is... Wait, let me. It says user in someplace and it doesn't, but we don't have all permissions or something right now. If I be user application, I'm surprised. So you have a thing that happened that these I shouldn't take. So we probably be able to. You people, as soon as.