There are three ways. There's high-level activities, and we break it down into something like 605 and 606, right? We have key milestones on the right side and various swim lanes for what's going on. Yeah, I got it. We can use the items over here to kind of plan that out, right? So my thinking is, and maybe this is right or wrong, we can just use the template that we currently have for 605 and 606 that we maintain. And populate that from a CAT perspective, right? And then within CAT as well, you would have specific swim lanes. Let's say CAT B, you know, but like the template on Excel or the PowerPoint template is what I'm talking about. You can actually continue with a similar approach to the PowerPoint template that we have for 605 and 606, right? For CAT, I think we have two main buckets coming in, or we can say three main buckets. One is the CAT BAU bucket, right? Second is the CAT error correction bucket, which is stuff that we're essentially trying to print out for this year only from an error correction standpoint. And then the third will be CAT validations and MIS bucket where we want to enhance and update the current process and the way that validations are done, as well as making it a little bit more modular so that on a go-forward basis we can start putting in additional validations quickly. If based on an inquiry there's some logic to enhance, we should be able to put that in, right? Maybe we can take an example as we're walking through each of these buckets. I'm talking about 605, 606, and 606. It's specific. Let me send you the link. Maybe we can first put it into Excel and just think around it, right? Just get all the key items from a BAU standpoint and then get all the key items from what I'm planning to do. Okay, got it. Just for everyone's context, yeah, just pull the deck up. I'm thinking we can structure it within this document. Instead of calling it a report, we just call it a workstream or something. And then the three workstreams that we have are CAT BAU, CAT error correction enhancement, and then CAT MIS/validation enhancement. Those can be the three actual buckets that we work on. And then, similar to how on the right side we have milestones for each of the specific ones, we can put specific milestones in there. And then we can use that as the high-level framework for all CAT items. And by the way, we're tracking a lot more on the GR side sprints as well as the board that we have, right? That one we'll keep doing. And I'm sure over there, either we have specific epics, or you know, there's software for the error correction that just fits into the current board structure, you know, the GERA structure that we have. All the key tasks we have to do.