And then there's this ticket that Manan has opened, just separating out the pulling of the data and the extraction of the data. I think we should be able to do it pretty quickly based on what we have. Yeah, yeah, I understand. Correct. So we'll separate that same portion that we commented out, right? Where it had the net export data—everything till that export data should basically be one script, and then the loading file from UNIX should be another script. Yeah, yeah, I understood that.

Baking the news quickly—I had a few doubts on the 605 cancellation thing. Is it impacting both 6A and 665? No, that doesn't have any relation with 606 specifically. Oh, I'll change that. What about the chance to see the email of FI? Which one? The HTB and an end? They're mentioning no one. Which one? One is the 6068 report due to the exclusion region for broker dealer show. Correct. And one where they said that it was not held. From what I understood, it was a not held order and it was included in 605, but 605 should only have held orders, held cupboard orders or whatever. The other one I need to take a deeper look at when it's like broker dealer specific flow.

What was that issue again? The specific one that we called out? Basically, we sent them their S&P 500 PDC records, right? And the records were non-directed and held, and we said that they have a link to routes. We were like, this should be included because there is a link we can see. So they said, no, this won't be there because this is model linking issue other than that—this is a broker dealer flow issue. And they said that there is some exclusion logic also. There's some filter where the broker dealer flow can be excluded. So I don't understand this term: what does broker dealer flow mean?

So what broker dealer flow is telling us is basically that there is an order coming in from a broker dealer. Like Morgan Stanley is sending an order to Jeffries, JP Morgan is sending an order to Jeffries—stuff like that is essentially known as broker dealer flow. So we need to see why these specific records were excluded because they are part of broker dealer flow. I guess we just need to get that confirmed whether or not that is expected from a suppression standpoint. But I want to take a look at those specific orders.

For these not held records, is there any way we can check in the files Joe sent and see if they're held or not? What have they marked?

So the files Joe sent correspond to June data that was extracted specifically for 6 or specifically for JPMX. So I don't think it's 605. For 605, we should be able to ask him for 605, but I want to make sure that we get the request out, right? I think Rap mentioned it all comes from the RYL of 5. So if you have the date on that file, if you have the date of that record, I can grab the RYLF file, and then we should look at it.