You can speak. Where is the echo coming from? I think it's my room. For now it's fine. As long as people aren't talking, they can just go on mute. It should be fine. Okay, let's get started. So, do we want to discuss error connection first because we have a call with Taljit? Yeah. At least the correction, right? What I was thinking is the plan is for us to at least put out all of the stuff that Prabakran has already worked on, hopefully by Friday. I'm trying to aim for at least the first initial release, and then if we need to release anything additional by Wednesday or next week, we can try to do that. And I think from Akhran, the only thing that should be left is just making sure that we're getting some kind of result on the UI, right? Yeah, that hasn't been tried out yet so far. Okay, so what I want to do on my side is I want to raise the change and put it in the draft state so that I can give you, Mamta, and whoever else the link to start putting in some of your documents, right? Similar to how we did last time where we included deployment steps and everything. So I want to start that out first, and then for the next two days after that, let's try to play around. Let's try to update the UI context file in UAT, and then we can do a check on the backend table that we're actually referencing. Based on what Ananda said, we should just be able to put the UI context file in, make sure that it's tagged to cat, and it should show up in the current UI. If that works, then at least we... I don't know where to find which table name we need to put it into or how this tagging process works. Those details I haven't figured out. I think I joined only audio that day. I couldn't really see what he was showing. I think we need to get those details from him or maybe there's an example documented somewhere that we can just follow. Yeah, I don't think it's anything complicated, right? Right now there is a UI context table in the Raw zone, and it currently has a few entries. Three of those entries are tagged to cat. Okay. And that cat tag directly corresponds to the UI backend, you know, the place where we're showing all of the submission summary or where we're currently at least showing all of the searching of the orders, executions, and allegations. I see. So from what I understood on that call, all we need to do is make sure that we just tag it to cat and we're referencing the correct underlying table. Apart from that, there should be nothing else that we need to do. Yeah, speaking of which, I just want to remind you: I still don't have access to this UI part as well as the change management service. I need to really sort out my roles in a couple of things there. Well, I'll touch base with you. Okay. Yeah, at least the UI access space should be pretty straightforward.