Hello, hey, are you doing? Good, sir, much better. How are you? Hopefully, sometime the rest. You know, with all the commotion and everything going on. Yeah, yeah. We returned to Bangalore yesterday after finishing all the stuff. We just have one final thing on the 30th, then we'll go back to Hyderabad around November 6th, that week. Actually, the 6th or 7th week. But nothing much from my side, probably do a little work from home there, and then yeah, all done. So with this site, about 10 days from Bangalore, it's at a place called Salem. Do you hear of Edkard, right? It's near that Edkard hill station. It's a small one, not a big hill station that you normally imagine, but it's near that. At least that's a known place you can search around. Yeah, I saw you around. Yeah, I'm done. So you said five minutes, right? So then I thought, okay, I'll be in five minutes. Good that you pinged me. Otherwise, I was just stuck on something and forgot. Thanks. So I really want to know how things went. How did you manage all those sketches and stuff, right? And what are the next steps? Any updates I should know? Yeah, so Belgan Manan and me were in the same place. We literally just went through only the Excel screens of AK. We didn't even go into the design details and everything. I see. But I think the overall screen that we created is right on the process. Arity is really comfortable with it. And she also knows that we connect with Stephen, actually, because he mentioned that our submission scheme has a lot of components that they've done for another project, which I think is a European technology-related obligation. So they've done something similar in method. I see. I think we should start taking a look at and need to make sure that our design documentation is comprehensive because when we go to Stephen, they'll mostly review the view and design documentation. Do we have a reference to that European one somewhere, like is it in an API repository? It's a reference over there. Let me see if there's any documentation that I can also look at, but we should just go through that. Makes sense. The main thing is the DBT standpoint, right? So where are we planning to use DBT is my question. Because what was mentioned to Aba by the end of this year, basically, we want to have the submission subject to in kind of like coding. Even if it doesn't have all the functionality with like valid Indian and stuff like that, that's fine. Okay, at least at the base, at submission to the PTC, map PR, and then be able to look at the vertical linkage. Those pieces need to be within the submission. You know, be with the light. So has a question: very exactly, they are coming on using DBT. And I was thinking, are we using it in any form of fashion when they're going to go between chat and PTC? Because I think it's very powerful with that.