Have you cycled? I'm also not in diesel state. I never been to an outside in India. Your money. Good morning, guys. Morning, 2 o'clock. I think... No, no, we can hear you. You gonna hear me, right? You see a lag? Mm hmm. Okay, okay, thanks. Yeah, we can hear you, see you. Okay, so we want to cover updates for Brooklyn in terms of what's planned this week and next week. I can chime in wherever. And one thing, how are we doing against our plan? We need to also see that, right? Are we on time, delayed? I think if the deliverables that we wanted get out by this week and next week, if all of those look good along with the UI context changes, then I would say we're on track. Because then we have at least submission summaries showing up on the UI, planning up on the back end, and we can start doing any kind of checkout and validations that we need to do additionally. But at a high level, we just discussed scrum as well. This week, all the changes that the developer has been raising the PR for the past like 2 weeks and whatnot, we want those changes to go out. UI context as well, I think we're doing the update in there, but I think that just needs to be put into the table itself, and then we need to check the UI if it's actually getting updated with showing up as a separate tab. If that looks good, then we can just put that UI context file into production as well. And in that sense, we at least have the submission summary indicated showing up in the UI, and we can just make sure that end to end on a daily basis, performance-wise, everything is open as expected. And then if all that looks good towards the end of the year, then we want to spend some time, at least I think we have high level plans for the error correction. I want to break it down in terms of low level to see how we're gonna start off at the beginning of 2026, and just putting more targeted milestones on the interconnection side and MI side. Just so that going into next year, we're clear in terms of okay, this is the 1st deliverable that goes out, 2nd what comes, and how we build on top. And I think Manu's also already started doing some kind of inventory work on his side. I think he had a conversation with Arjun to just get all the flavours of corrections that we've been doing in the past months, whatever it is, right? We want to make sure that those are accommodated as part of the error correction, so that if Manu needs to do something, any kind of correction, instead of spinning up queries on his side or updating queries on his side, it's all UI based. And from a submission perspective as well, there's no manual intervention that needs to be done. So if Manu can do it and he's creating documentation for it, the plan is to essentially have that.