I think we should just spend the first few minutes on each phase. What does that phase do? Then bring up the diagram for that phase and talk to Aditya about what we have done so far and what is it that we plan to do. I think that'll be easier to follow along. Because I'm, to be honest, I am struggling to understand all the updates. But you guys are close to it. Aditya will come in very similar to me, right? Like he knows work is going on, but he's trying to understand what's happened so far. So he will also struggle in a similar manner. So if we structure it slightly differently, I'll just bring up what we already have. No need to create new material, right? Like I think this one slide is just an update of what each phase we're trying to do, and then bring up the actual conference page itself. I think that maybe useful to try this approach. I don't exactly remember what I mentioned to me before. Let's start with that one, and then we go through conference design. But the only thing is, if you have something for error correction, what are we thinking will happen? I thought we have something, right? Some ideas are going to do it. We have lots of, like the screen. I think you can take charge of the screen. I can take that. Main thing is I think it's covered. You guys have phase one, I have the diagram, the screen, you know, trying to give a link and also let's make sure we capture all that. And phase two is where we talk about error correction, you know. However, tag a record for correction and there could be multiple scenarios, and then how it gets you into a queue and then it gets resubmitted every end of day, all that. Like something to talk about that, right? No, I know what you're talking about. We have that functionality in terms of what we're going to do, like drawn out over here, but to your point, does it work like this? Let's okay, let's go to that. That's fine. Don't do anything new. Please go back to that if you can talk to this whole thing. That's fine. And technically, how it trip works, we are, you know, just going to work on that and we'll just review that design with Steve. Okay, no, I can just pull up the diagram and talk about each functionality and buttons and how the work is going to be. Where the submission here is the two-factor, like approval, AD lists for the object, before I check. Yeah, and that can also be bypassed in some cases, which call it cannot be, depending on the goals that the user has, right? Money is one goal is approval. And if someone has four uses, then it just skips the check from a submission that person does. So I can talk to that like I'm pointing directly to them on the screen. Excellent, yeah. This is the one that we had in position earlier on as well on our side too. And my plan was even in the submission summary where we're talking about the audit and cleanup, apart from obviously the functional diagrams, we have the sub-boxes in terms of what.