We have a problem. We need to filter based on the symbol, right? Because in this case, symbol is the only part that matches between both. We need to check the EXT destination, so we have to go to routes. We need to take our cost account number, but symbol will also be a consideration. Why symbols specifically? Because there are a lot of extra destinations for that particular customer. One customer has multiple destinations where orders are routing to. If I take one destination into consideration, that destination also has multiple symbols within it. But this symbol matters, right? In the report, it doesn't filter based on the symbol. It more so shows how many routes or orders were sent for that customer. Just a second. Yeah, like this morning, I was checking one record. If I consider this customer, there's a CID. This CID customer has only two records. Suppose in this case, it has only one record. The symbol here is WSO, and the EXT destination was Miami Pearl Exchange. I checked this and specifically added the symbol and destination, and I got two records. Of these two records, only one is considered—the one where the route number is 88434 and everything else is similar between the two records. The transcript is also the same order, if it's different, obviously. Do you have any filter on the transcript as well? No, I haven't added any filter. The transcript is OE in both. Why did they take one record and not the other one? I searched that, and sell-in-by shouldn't be considered. But for 606B3, sell-in-by doesn't matter. Quantity test is not considered, but quantity two was considered. Everything else is the same. EXT destination is... Tell me what FIS has on their side. That's one. No, go all the way to the left. I want to see the parent order they're getting over here. Okay, go all the way to the right. What is the quantity on this one? The quantity on this one looks very high to me—37,194. Go all the way to the left again. Okay, go back to your query real quick. And you did the query on the same order ID, right? Okay, you just put in the parameters. Go to the detailed report once again. How many routes is it showing when you click out of the detail? Just go one back. Because they said don't go by the quantity on this page. We should look at the quantity on... Okay, this is totally... Okay, only two, right? Yeah, yeah. No, it's a good question to see why the other one wasn't sent. The main thing is, at the order level, is there a cancellation on those? So just search those two order references in the PTC orders table. You have the query already. Just add a filter for order FNM in. And let's put those order FRMs because I want to see if there's any cancellation for those orders.