Hey Djit, good morning. Hey everyone, how is everyone doing? It's been a long time. We have this recently on this regular weekly call. Looks good. Yeah, we can go ahead and get started. What would you like to hear about first? Maybe some of the ones on. So yesterday we spoke to another person. Sam and Prabhakan had a call with Aranda to understand how the current usage on the CMRS site is with the API. He sent us over some code. We also went through how some of the reprocessed rates functionality works because that's going to tie very closely to our actual error corrections functionality. And then he also took us through the landing page that's there on CMIS as well as the backend objects, how the current integration is there within CMRS, and just how the payload structure looks like from an API standpoint. I think Prabhakan also caught an overall understanding along with me in terms of how the messages are communicated from back end to front end, and how we would essentially need to structure out our objects. So at least speaking with another person seems to be pretty straightforward in the sense that as long as we have backend objects created, we kind of have freedom in terms of API objects or new API items that we would need to create on our end. They can be Python based, they can be SQL based. Mainly, Python based would be what we went through because that's what we were thinking on our side as well. And then I think he pointed us over to some specific documentation as well that said on the CMRS side, as well as just over on the API side. So I think we have a good amount of information from him. We'll probably reach out to him if we have any questions, but at least from an initial scoping point of view and understanding point of view, I'd say we got what we needed from him. Feel free to add any additional color over there, Prabhakan. No, the only thing I would say is let's make sure we follow the API pattern from the API which we have for reprocessed. Again, that's an API that we built on our prime source eventually, and there was a history behind it. But again, I'm not saying there's any issue with that API, but in terms of pattern and underlying technology or language, we should use. Let's follow the API because otherwise, Steve, we won't agree. Let's not. Let's make sure we do that, and we can still find a way how we host it and all. We can still host it somewhere like that. Yeah, I think we covered some of that as well. So even on our side, we were planning a Python-based implementation as well on our side. And I think that does follow similar to what we have.