Hey Kristo, hey. How did he? So many meetings? All right, yeah, yeah, way too many today. Way too many. Let me just share my screen and then I'll go through whatever scripts and stuff we need to put in. Yeah, yeah, just let me open it. I don't want to think. You have like all the scripts and stuff that we need to put in? Okay, that's zip, right? In the ticket I've attached? That is... Okay, one second, one second. It's the one more piece I need—whatever context query we need to insert. Yeah, that over the query itself, right? Okay. No, see, the latest context file I've checked in, I can ping you that in the teams again. And then the query itself, I also ping you in the team, right? The query itself. Let's go one by one. We'll get to that, but let's start with this, right? One second, I'm opening the document. Yeah, there is one doc. Okay, okay, open on the side. Okay, wait a minute. So whichever New York in the ticket, is it? Just, can you ping me that as well? I mean, look, I'm looking at this one: consolidated deployment guide submission status and error codes. Okay, good. Yeah, so we should go one by one or that. Okay, you can follow the same order they have mentioned. What should be first and what should be next, kind of thing, right? Then it should be good, yes, right? This one, do we need to verify? No, no, no, that's fine. Not okay. Anyway, we are going to replace it here. So backup is not okay as well. Yeah, backdrop, I was thinking. Okay, yeah, look at this. You just need to run that, yeah. So the zip, so you're going to upload the zip. After extracting it, you upload it and then just go and run, right? That's how you are going to do it, right? Deployment. No, I'm going to hold on, I'm downloading the deployment artifacts. So after extracting that whole folder, you can import directly to Snowflake. So the Snowflake folder will have all the latest things. Then you just need to open dot SQL and execute it, that's it. Let's try right now, sir. I'm going to... Okay, so this one has to go. I'll do it like you put all three folders in Snowflake. It would sort of replace them. Okay, file within CAT standard tables, create consolidated codes. Okay, do you think copy this? Now you can do this as well. Yeah, I'll just go like that only. Makes sense. How are you saying to do it? No, I was saying, you can just import all three folders, whatever you extracted, directly into Snowflake in production. Then copy-paste that query, that's it. That will replace these files anyway, right? So I'm sorry, you know, now by doing, okay, this is another way. So no problem. What's failing? Okay, privilege I see. I had the role incorrect. Yeah, makes sense. Is this good? Yeah, okay, yeah, yeah, I see. Okay, has this. Yeah, next day, so in it run. Can I tell the code? Is this Python script then? Yeah.