True, absolutely. That makes sense. Yeah, a lot of the US folks, even though Thanksgiving was on Friday, didn't really come in on Friday. Definitely, it makes a lot of sense. So maybe I'll give a brief on that. Let me just open the plan you have created. Before we jump into that, I know that you're also involved in other things on the research side. I saw that you also put out a deep research on the cloud infrastructure. Yeah, and so I want to schedule some time on your calendar to go over that. I'm thinking maybe 8 or 8:30 in the morning tomorrow. How does that sound? Eastern time, of course. Yeah, definitely, 8:30 would be fine. Obviously, tomorrow, anytime is fine. So for me, the problem is with Monday and Wednesday since I have these exams going on, right? So I have these slots, whichever I explained now, right? So I scheduled that also. It should be in your calendar as well. Except for that part, I'm always available anytime before or after, wherever it works for you. Okay, and so what is it? You said you're taking exams? Doing M.Tech, right? So my exam for the first time is over. I started my second semester now. Okay, no worries, no worries. Just wanted to make sure that I understood. All right. Okay, so tomorrow I'll do something between 8 AM and 9 AM Eastern, and I'll put it on the Jira side. I would call it Rug Edge. Yeah, okay. Makes sense. Anybody else that should be on that call other than you and me? Mostly, we are enough, actually. I think we don't need much otherwise. Yeah, we can brief others once we are in sync, right? Now, if you have some sort of critical gap or concerns, and we refine that, and then it makes sense after that to include more folks. Yeah, no, I agree. All right, so I set the reminder on the Jira side. Let me go ahead and call on the Rug Edge side. Yep. All right, and that's gonna be 8 to 9 AM tomorrow morning. Okay, that's good. This is cloud infrastructure. Why can't I find you on the calendar? Oh, there is. I found this. I'm okay. All right. It says you're unavailable at 8 AM tomorrow, but I don't see 8 AM tomorrow. Could you double check your calendar? Okay, on the American calendar? 8:30, right? Tomorrow? Okay, which is the current time you're saying, right? We don't want it. Sorry, this is 9 right now, which is 30 minutes back. No, I am available. How come it shows that tomorrow, right? Wait a minute, let me just confirm that. Okay, I just wanted to make sure, sir. All right, if you're okay, whatever. We'll figure it out. Oh, I see. No, I see your Rug Edge reminder only. Oh yeah, we have a Daljit call. After that, oh yeah, then I'm free. What I see in my calendar is only yours. Rug Edge reminder.