Be like 5 minutes later or so. Okay, yeah, that's fine. Let him know. Makes sense. I was promoted to a bunch of QA people. I don't know if you connected with them previously or not. So, uh, at least after the initial stuff that we went out with, we didn't have a post-call to walk through the testing and stuff that they created because at that time, I think all the test cases that they entered were not suitable for JJL or whatever. I think all the trades were being done by Namura and whatnot. So we didn't create at least files back 2 weeks ago or whatever for what they'd entered. I know now, at least more recently, Srikanth and stuff entered more tests. I would say those files, we can just have Neeraj create out for whatever dates it's been until, and then we can do the cross-comparison. But I think that's probably what the call is for as well, because I think they want to see if they can compare the smarts against JJL and just see if they're able to at least match apples with apples with JGL-based executions. Correct. Yeah, I think basically what we want to do on this call, right? Make sure the team understands what is it that we're testing against? Like, what do we think is our expected output? So we asked that basic question today to Steve and Ben and they were like clueless. Okay, basic expectations of the JJL test, essentially, right? Yeah, so how do you know the JServ is now working as expected for this particular scenario, right? They have no idea still about what is JServ, what is bigger ticket, what are they testing? And I want these guys to test it out and like, I don't know how much they will test it out, but at least the QA team, I think if they get involved, they will also be able to assist. Yeah, yeah, no. It's just so straightforward. If you think 10 executions for JJL going to, let's say, TSA, you want to see those challenges? And then you just match it to the clients, the monikers, price side, quantity, and stuff that you put in. That's literally pretty much it. Got it, anyway. I think let's talk about that area. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We only have 15 minutes, so probably I think we'll spend more time once we're back in the new year. But any feedback on a couple of things: one, the Bangalore offsite, and second, the firm call that we had—the year-end call. What did you guys hear from the team? Yeah, I spoke to his voice about this yesterday too. Offsite, I think was perfectly fine. I've heard good stuff from all people around. Year-end call, Nehal also asked me to see if there's any feedback. There's definitely feedback. One being, um, to start off, I don't think the promotions were maybe mentioned previously to, let's say, me or Jesus or someone. So I didn't know that Manan was getting promoted.