From one to three. You know, because at the end of the day, she's just going to read the use case examples. Yeah, maybe we can have one streamlined example only. Like, prior inquiry takes this much time, email assist takes this time, other connection takes this time. Attention, attention. And we think that's going to get you better results in future. Okay. But just, we'll keep it to three slides, right? One is category, one is this, and then one is just the overall target state that we have. I removed all the WhatApp stuff. I think it has more like images of the demo. I don't know if this is fine. Images can be there. Okay. And even cats, we should take the UI. Child, put the regular in there. Any of the sigma items? I'll add that to the appendix over here. Okay, we've shared the link with you on this Daljit as well. I am going to sync up and sit down with Manan and just tidy this up based on what we spoke about. If there's anything specific that you think of that needs to be added, we can make that in as well. Yeah, auto was slide six, one. Okay. On the timeline, but then the old case famous, playing panel, investing in Australia, action with no sense. And you're unable to sensor. There's a teaching idea. Yeah, I think like customer especially order and policy, so much there. Yeah, I think that kind of summarizes it right? And in the bottom you can say one other point. And these points, yeah, these points as well, I think we can shorten or at least keep a little bit more brief. And there are like two boxes, three boxes, yeah, and then that's right until you have three boxes and make it concise. Yeah. I think in this case example for a use case, do you think we can just use how we engaged Manan and her team to resolve 180, 190 or whatever outstanding rejections on tax ID based issues? I think the intent of that is we should say how much time it used to take earlier to resolve an error versus now to interpret an error, to interpret. You know, we used to have somebody go manually and check it. Again, yeah, I think it's there right? It was possible. Man creating automated cell service, automating routine tasks, everything is centralized already, right? Yeah. I think what we can add then to this is just like quantifiable stats. I think it's already there. It might be in here, right? But we can put something like we used to take, we have to go across ten files and error prone out. Like, centralize everything has principle in your act. And I think that should be good. Maybe we don't need to put any.