On my own behalf, I just want to check if we can buy it. They have no idea about compliance. They also don't have a compliance person in-house. For whatever reason, they have an outsourced compliance person. So essentially they're a line on. So what plans are we taking out? Do we have to do anything? Yeah, yeah, because they are going to be the one sending us the order, so they will have any us. We will have an MUA created basically with the same detail that their MUR is created out of. But you said they will deal if they are real thing, so okay, so they will send us an order. Will the MEO real come into the picture after? It will come into the picture throughout because this is what's logging into one of our historical terminals, giving them access to. So the second they enter the order to be placed into, it goes into the Jeffrey's PES. It comes into the picture. So technically three and then Nino and their MR. Then from a BAU perspective, they create an MUA that is included in our current day files. And then from the MUOA, then the intect will probably process that order or send it turn to active then all over, also over like DMF flow. There is a lot much, but we have today because there wasn't reporting anything. I see them both. Interesting. Okay, that. Late. And then with PEF also, we are attacking. I think we may the submission, but then there is some interim failure which occurred on FIS's site. I think this is on Ash to follow with them. And once we receive a confirmation, then we can go ahead and close this client. Actually, follow the action on. Yeah, do that today. They turn of day by tomorrow. And the join's call suggests bring up, I think, the PH piece with him. The model for sure as well as why CIDID specifically on the MSCO example. I think they haven't gotten back with the RCA, but then I think they are analyzing on their side. But yeah, they need to create a ticket on the symb that fall off the SOD, ED and interface symbols list. AP, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Now I sent you a up and like, if it is good to forward it to rap fighting, I can get it reviewed with RA and then we can get it. So Dig, it has to give you a bit of background. For the past few days, we have been seeing that we received a lot of errors in a symbol is fanned. Symbol is in the band list, but then like the opposite form, the reported this and then we receive an ele on our side. And when we submitted the synthetic records also, finger has accepted records. So we want to understand how it does, like how to, like how should we treat these plans in the like, is there any because of time until when we should consider? Because ideally, the symbol is banned as for, it should not be reported. So it's not correct, right? Man means for a we get a list of symbols, daily list of symbols which can be right from. So if it is not in that list, then what is any trees with that particular symbols? They will not like route it. Because that...