Yeah, close the door. How are you? How's the day? Good afternoon. No, no, I'm good. I'm just saying, no man. We just called up with Djit. I just gave him a very brief overview. On the case table, right, where most work is going to happen, we're going to try to add another column to note whether it's service or chase related. Yeah, I think you sort of told me what it is. I just wanted to have a look so I can recall what we discussed before. Somehow I didn't have access to something, I don't know, so I'm missing some role or something. Do you have UT access? Oh, no? Yeah, I have UT. On the right thing, just. Sorry, not IG. If you want to, you can change. Let me see. There is one where we need a CAT developer role so I have it in you. I have that for sure. Let me, you know what? Maybe it's not because they're going in the standard schema, right? Yeah, it's standard, not CAT standard, correct? Yeah. Yeah, non-prod, right? Yeah. I have developed a role. We are doing that and then query the table. It should work with the normal developer. Oh, I see. Any coder from? I think it's just not interesting. Oh, okay. You have your. Hope you're here. Okay, I see. It's working now. Now he's coming. Yeah, yeah, now it's coming. Okay, got it. That's good. Okay. I'll have a look at this. Meanwhile, right, the idea, right? So the thing is, for example, I need to do the ERD diagram for this submission flow, right? It basically shows how different tables are connected to form a view. That's one thing we formally discussed last week, right? But I need to really put it up. So the other thing is we need at least two APIs. One is for the submission view, the other is for the dildon view of app pulling. And then the algorithm piece, maybe a high-level algorithm on how do I pull that kind of things we need to discuss. Plus, mainly I'm looking at the error side of things because if you have a CAT event and you're looking to see if that event is successful or not, right, we need to look at the feedback which comes afterwards. On the file, we need to look up to see if there is an existence of a relevant order ID there or form RO ID, right? So that will be a performance. For example, for a single day, it takes a minimum five minutes to run. Right? So we need to load it and partition in a particular way. Either, for example, if a CAT event has some sort of a subset of error codes it maps to, we need to partition in such a way that I only look at that range of error codes, not all error codes, so it's efficient. So that's another algorithm piece we need to discuss when it comes to error code linking part of it. Actually, if you're not looking further. But yeah, so I just want to look at high-level APIs.