Okay, so B B disease 930, Final PTC is 10:30. Maybe one hour, is it? It'll complete by the time. Correct. Okay, got it. Go ahead. Yeah, so at least when the PTC world, it's, you know, maybe 10:30 can be a cutoff. There might be some instances where there's delays if the source had trouble generating the data and whatnot, but yeah. Okay, makes sense. 10:30 is, let's just say, the cutoff for our PTC. Okay, now on a daily basis, right, it looks like FIS is able to do the submission to FRA by around 4:30 a.m. EST. Okay, so that is when all of our CAT records and our ingestion files, so one set of files will ultimately be ready. No, no, no. So they do the submission. You said 9:30 and 10. It's p.m., is it? 9:30, 10:30 p.m. Yes, yeah, okay. So then morning 4:30. Makes sense. Okay, got it. Go ahead. Correct, yeah. So tonight's patches will essentially complete from a PTC perspective by 10, and we would have sent the data to FIS by that time. I understand. Okay. At 4:30 a.m. ET-ish, somewhere around there, FIS actually does their submissions to Findra. At least that's what I'm seeing as the average. Okay, that doesn't mean that we pulled the files at that time. I think currently the files are being pulled somewhere around like 8 a.m. ET into our Jeffries UNIX server locations. What I want to do is if the files are ready on FIS's side by, let's say, 5 a.m. EST—let's say they have everything, like the actual submission that they did and the ingestion error files. Let's say they have those completed by 5 a.m. on their server. I want to give them a one-hour buffer and maybe by like 6 a.m. I want our operation team to pull in the data from FIS. Okay. Once they pull in the data, we can then at least onboard all of the CAT records that get submitted and the error records that get ingestion error records that get submitted for that specifically. So let's say somewhere in that process will take maybe, let's just say, like an hour or so. So maybe by like 8 or 8:30 a.m. EST, we should expect all of our data to be present from a CAT from a PTC perspective and a CAT submission perspective in production and in the perfect tables. Okay. Then, since now it's in the Snowflake region, all of these files are there, then we can set up our tasks and procedures and predecessors necessarily that, okay, we need to have all the PTC files and we need to make sure that our CAT stream has completed and loaded all of the data. Okay. That stream can be set as a dependency to essentially run our first batch job, which will populate and basically the PTC submissions to the CAT submissions. Yeah, makes sense. So that can be our first step. So by like, you know, let's say your job takes, let's say it even takes like an hour to run instead of the current, you know, whatever 30 minutes or something, obviously one hour, let's keep one hour, yeah. Yeah, let's just say one hour it takes. Then...