Let me take some actual orders from production. I think at least for the Audit page and the correction page, we can explain to Daljit that we're all in agreement about what it should look like. We have the functionality of how we're going to link these pieces documented in Confluence. What I'll propose to Daljit is that with at least one day's worth of data, let us try both leg options. One option is just the JSON structure that we have. The other option is if we tableize some kind of mapping and just do a pros and cons and performance comparison. But I want to at least get Taljeet's buy-in that yes, let's first start working on this audit page. I think Manan has some tasks that we can start putting into the spreadsheet. Let's first go out and actually execute on this. We'll work on the error correction page after because once we set up this main page, I think setting up this audit page is going to be a good amount of the work that we do basically. And the problems or challenges that we faced within this will help us with the error correction page that comes after.

Okay, so here when we build, we'll look for an error code for this particular order ID from the error table. That's how we look for form row ID. We look for the corresponding reference in the error table, which is available, pick it up and show it. Otherwise we'll put it as null. It's based on form row ID, right? Which particular column are you talking about? What we populate in G and or FGH, right? Yes. So the way we build, whenever we have PTC, we're submitting one part to CAT and the D flow, right? And the other flow... so when we trigger populating this table, what is the trigger for populating entries into this table? When do we do that? The trigger will be essentially once we get the feedback, let's say for a day. I see. So we have to think about the trigger because realistically, we can start populating it at the start of our night batch. So once we get, let's say once the night data comes in in base PTC format and we create final PTC, that can be maybe the first point that we start populating this table. So the final PTC is our job, is it? Or is it something else? Yes, final PTC is our job. We recreate everything until we create columns DN basically and send it out to FIS. FIS then creates... so instead of final PTC, yeah, final PTC. Let's do get submission also. So FI submits the CA submission. Fra will give us the feedback, which is derived based on the E C code. And these two pieces, J and K, we should have internally on our side. And maybe I can color code it appropriately. So let's say we have final PTC and we populate that recording this table. So what I understand is whenever we populate, when there is an entry in base PTC, we immediately...