Hey, let me switch off my audio here. Can you hear me? It's heavy rain here, a lot of noise. Sorry, I think it's time I get started. Yeah, yeah. There's heavy rain here. I'm not sure how much you can hear me. I can hear you. Okay, cool. So the thing is, I just wanted to highlight how we face the problem of creating faces, right? Oh yeah, that's what you put here as well. So the thing is, okay, face on rock curated andantic—okay, does this make sense to you with this diagram? Wait one second. I'm not exactly sure, but you know, like something I tried treating. One second, let me control this. No, I just wanted to give you a view like this, right? I'm just sending you a page. Just see if you can have a look at that. Can you see this time or should I send you four things? Just eat and leave. No, no, sorry, I just wanted to highlight that. So there are no, you know, different commitments to him which we can't deliver right in this first route through now route daytime. Please, to consolidate year—no, I think we can't structure it like between the layer, right? Face to layer kind of thing. I think we need to do the layer into the end in waves one and then also the API. I don't know how to—sorry, I'm just scared what happened to him missing here, sir. Did you hear a noise? Sorry, did you hear a noise? I don't know what happened. No, there is this lightning, heavy lightning. Should we connect like in 10, 15 minutes then? No, no, no. Let's continue. That's fine. Yeah, I'm not able to. Okay, wait a minute. Where is my display here? Anything, I will—no, no, I just wanted to give clarity on what we are going to commit and how we make the diagram. Is the second part, right? I just wanted to say how we split that view, what we dare kind of thing. Basically, the swim thing. You can hear me? I can hear you but I—things, you can owe your fees, okay. Now, is it to order what we are doing? Is it journey will take? Yeah, so this looks pretty low level for this presentation. That's what I'm saying, right? So I just wanted to put in a little high level, right? Let me just type it down so that—let me say if that makes sense for you, right? Let me open WhatsApp probably. That's better. Okay, type down. Okay, so let's say you don't type, no? I can't transfer, yeah. Type where you're saying in the PP whenever you're comfortable, but in Jeffrey. Okay, let me do it in the Jeffrey system. I'm just typing it down here, right? Let me just say like this. I just wanted to ensure that we both should be on the same page so that we can put it in any format we like. So phase one—instead of phase, let me put quarters there and then you can associate it to phase, right? Basically, let me say Q4. Q4 submission summary and sub-explaining that achievement and how we are doing, you know, like the architecture kind of thing. Architecture using. I see. Okay, so that we will have to explain to him. And for that, I'm trying to make over what we will do, you know, this so.