Yeah, but you were supposed to make some changes on that, right? So that's what it is—it was in draft. Let's keep that in draft, but I want to submit that today by 4 p.m. so that on Wednesday we can use it for that. Okay, so let's connect after this call then. Yeah, can you give me the change number as well? Can you send it to me and then I can do a review of it? Yeah, cool, cool, cool. I'll understand. And yeah, for the app, I have something that is running fine, but I haven't checked the Snowflake tables so far. And you were saying that we need to have one more call on that, right? Yes. Hello. I read the background. What these guys are doing is essentially adding another column into one of the sheets, and they don't know which one yet. I think they'll get that clarity by Wednesday. But they're going to put one more column or use a pre-existing column that hasn't been decided to give her some new information. And that's why I'm holding off on making any other changes right now and pushing that out to production as well, because we need to communicate these changes to us. For that, typically we create a separate change number. But once they confirm that—hopefully we should have confirmation by Wednesday—whether they are or aren't changing anything. But if there's any change, then we will just have to update our table as well as our script to make sure that the additional column is being sourced as well. We have no blockers. Um, but let's just make sure all the results and stuff that we have for the actual implementation we just keep it in Jira itself, and then we can link Jira to the other system as well. Yeah, cool, cool. I'll put my updates in Jira and we'll create the branch as well. Perfect. Okay, and then there are some of the changes that I will—you made those changes and we did some testing for that on the actual code in the redesign part. So I want to put those changes out to live. So let's sync up after this call, just to draft a CM and any additional items that we need to get for it. And my plan is to release that on that date. Oh, of course, yeah. I thought you did it maybe, because it was planned from last week, right? That you were saying... Yeah. Okay, no worries. I had some other items that I pushed out on Friday, but those are just too minor. Okay, nobody's holding up on that change. I want you to recall now, and it's been an understanding we should attend the CCB call and that will happen on Wednesday, just so that you also have background and understanding of how the whole change process is. Yeah, I think once I joined—when you and I joined now, I have a little bit of an idea about that, but yeah, I haven't raised any change from my end this time. I'm a little bit hesitant in raising, so it would be good for me as well. Yeah, exactly. This was it. Let's see what you say. Yeah, I think another heads up—Visha. So I think we're still waiting on FIS changes, right? We need to definitely push them to have the changes implemented for the engagement.