Good morning. So we have to clean up the existing CATs, or create new ones? We just want to do the CAT stuff before, or they want to work on the correction planning? The CAT error correction planning is definitely going to take at least an hour, so I'm down to do that now since we have Pocan. But we should move the reg ed scrum to 10:30, so move it out by an hour just so that we can have enough time to have this conversation if you want to have that event. I'll lift up. So I moved up in 15 minutes, we can. Okay, it would make me good. Ladies and the job, I'll go quickly run through the tickets. Whenever you have questions and you want to stop, please let me know. These are the inquiries you see. I have actually flagged these two tickets again. I think we are waiting on Fessa for here, and I had reviewed today also. I think for quite some time, like a month, Fessa has an open ticket. So this is something I flagged because I just wanted to confirm with Kislia that there are cases sometimes where I'm not a part of the scene. So if anything will happen, I may not be aware. But from what I know until last week, this was Norton. So this is something I have on agenda for today's scrums. I'm talking about this account older type agency versus principal issue. Okay, so you're talking now specifically CAT stuff? Yes, so I'm just talking about CATs right now, like all of CAT stuff minus error correction and six or five. Okay, yeah, let's table that. That's not a priority again because I don't want to just spend time for me to catch up to speed. I know that you're managing that well, so it's not a priority for me to do it. It's more like I would like to have it. If you're ready, I'll take it. So specifically, the reason I wanted to discuss these tickets is these tickets are updated. You can go through them at your convenience, but there are a few tickets where I think we are in a situation. I was just going through the comments and I think there are a few tickets where Pisu hits like we have to consider. Like there is something, some relation to CAIS keys also, I think. Yeah, just that ticket I want to discuss with you. And if you could also help. Okay, because this is Brazil Northbound flow, right? So I think what they are trying to do is they want to use the USTP route and straight Brazilian equivalent symbols of house in the market. So I think everything with this new route has also been set up. But then this comment on GBL flow. So can you help me understand how this is related to CAT and if we need to make any changes? My guess is that this JBL is probably some new entity or a new country owner, maybe a new moniker? Hmm. And because it's a new moniker, that means it's going to be a new SDID reported to CAT. And if it's a new FDID reported to CAT, it must also be a new FDID.