You want to talk about the other things? Let's cover those, and then you can use the second half to cover the demos, if that's okay. Yeah, sure. I think apart from the other general items, it's just getting an update from the folks in terms of some of the projects that everyone's been working on, or mainly new initiatives that we're trying to do. I know at least there have been a few calls with Dry Wealth trying to help them out with an N assessment on the EBS side, where they want to take a look at a few million records across 6,500 different submissions for us to do basically a level one assessment similar to what we've done or built out the tooling on the CAT side as well, right? I do know there's been no major progress over there. I think people have been out of office and then, you know, even on the India side, there's been the valley breaks and stuff. And I do know that a lot of the teams are still on break. So I know at least from my end, there's not a lot of action on that front. We did have a demo with the anti, which I think we've mentioned on the CAT side, which I think they were pretty happy with, but we're still waiting on getting some feedback or at least next steps over there on the free side as well. So there's major enhancements going on or at least new business coming in with tie-ups on the Japan side that I know Anic is already plugged in and Archan is—you know, I don't even get to speak to him anymore. So there's definitely a lot of work going on over there and slowly, we're also going, you know, the other folks that Jeffreys are going to get plugged in. There's already a lot of stuff that I'm starting to get plugged in on the Japan sites. So I think within the next year, there's going to be a good amount of stuff that's going to go on over there. But that's mostly what I have on my side. Rahul, maybe there's a few other details that you have on your end. I'm just saying I don't know. I'll be back out in five and talk about it. But on Numura, maybe you can talk about what you're doing there. It started with e-commerce work and we technically have another proposal out there and it's going to be local police by the end of the year. So it's very quick. We're taking it to growth, and there's definitely interest in getting us engaged in helping them with the activation of an all-rate surveillance system. But that conversation is also in the process of being a POC for one take, and we'll probably take off conversations on how we can move them towards the end of the year. Those are the other two things I think I'm going to go. I'm on my network, but I'll join you guys in a minute. Yeah, sure, maybe just then Rish, you can just give us a little background on the Numura side. Is it only the e-commerce that's currently active?