Take a screenshot of the filters that you've put, send it over and update the ticket with those filters. Later. Aunt Runker, you want to shame me? Yeah, I'm just coming. Let me shut the screen off. Are you on? Hey, sorry, sorry, let me... I have that here. Right now, this is a select query, right? The way it works is let's go back from the bottom, right? So the stage classification, what does it take? This is route. This is our stage is nothing but our route table and also this stage is nothing but our order stable. And we do union. We do a left join to cat and then to the error. Assuming that if there is a record seen in cat, it will be included and also error is there, it will also be included into it. Similarly, we do the same before routes table also. And by default, no, the routes will have some columns as null and others would have wit as non-null whereas that defined? No, just. But maybe we could... The list of columns you're interested in. So the orders that from orders will have order ID, but it will not have the order ID. It will be null there. I mean, in fact, we can see the results. Minute to raise it. I think it is this. So in this case, I just filtered down to ensure I have some error records. So I'll show order and then chinch non-d order, right? So it has null here then the tracking it in the business day and then the even timestamp order timestamp and then the current stage easier because I explicitly filtered down the records only which has which has the stage error, which means it went through all the three stages actually. So what we are doing here is no, we start from PTC stage and then we left join to cat and then do a left join to error as well. And then we filter down these values by the business data and then limited by some number, right? Let me just let me, yeah, here. So what I did is I limited by one lakh records here. So which is for a route stage, a route table and then similarly for the orders tables are limited by one lakh. So that I consider only one lakh record from both route table and order tables and then go and carry out the left challenge with the next set of stages. So that's how these outputs are coming, right? So, I mean, we can try to run it for the whole data, for a particular business day and see how long it runs. But yeah, it'll take some time. But even if you see how long this won't take. How long, how long did this one take? I think it's at least around two minutes or so. There's two months for. So here, the assumption, the design, thinks that we have all the regs and we ran it. The idea is we need to make it so this query should be changed into an upsert query in such a way that if we re-run it again, and when it's write into the output table, it'll search for the existence of tracking ID. If it is present, just overwrite that, else it'll insert it, kind of thing. So this is simply set up in this, the one you're seeing, but then once you make it as an upsert.