Hey, I just wanted to see what we should do now to take this to executing in production. What are the next steps on this actually? This changes, right? One question: so when we deploy, is the plan to first deploy all of the blue version, test it out, and then once the tests are successful, then do the renaming pieces? I mean, normally, assuming the normal way work is, both would be deployed. I'm sorry, wait. It'll be like this: blue version would be applied to production first and then rename happens. Sorry, you're right, yeah. Correct. That's how it is. Okay. Apart from the rename that happens, right, let's say we deploy resubmissions status blue. Okay. After that, let's say we tested it out, then is it just the same sequel over here? They say okay, yeah, same. I would say you can just get rid of the blue. No, the thing is... No, no, the idea later is, you know, when we go to DBT, right? I think right, automatically generate an update that. So if you're not individually, let's assume the current view itself, what happens is the current table which is submission_status would be renamed into submission_status_old like that, and then status_blue would be renamed into current. Just the subjects would be removed. So we need to do the renaming like that: current one to old and the blue to current. And you're saying essentially when we are in DBT, DBT will automatically handle all of that, right? No, it partially allows for some sort of automated execution of this. We will reduce the redundancy there a bit, but again, the process would be the same, right? We need to move the current table to old and the blue one to the current. What I would say is we can get rid of it. It might cause confusion, at least, and they'll come back with like specific questions, which we can answer. But I think they'll also go in the direction that's okay, it's just the same like deployment. It just makes some testing perspectives, and at least in the initial release, let's just keep the ones that will be deployed post the testing, which is, let's say, this new submission_status. But I think you can get rid of blue. One thing on the quick reference side: okay, I'm good. I think I'm okay with the quick reference to be update submission_status from them standard. Okay. All right. And this will take current business date as... Okay. This is the test that we do. So the blue ones, I see. And then we should be good. And then I think you can just release it up to OPR. Okay. All. Yeah. So that we do one deployment and we don't have to do any kind of... And if we have to do any renaming and stuff, we can raise that as a separate operational change on our site and we can do it the same day so we wouldn't need to wait around for anything. Yeah, at least the validation piece side between the... No, normally blue...