Uh, regarding the loss harvesting thing? Unfortunately no, but I think for the purpose of this presentation, the appendix material doesn't have to be super detailed. I think maybe that's one of the finer details that we could probably come back to. If you don't mind adding a comment or highlighting that somehow, I can come back to it. Yeah, I'll look into it. Yeah, I did forget about that, sorry. Please go ahead. I did find a few conflict of interest cases regarding tax harvesting. Yeah, so let's try to sync those. Maybe some of the conflict of interest could be taken into the strategy validation risks. Maybe we can combine them somehow. Definitely, right? And that's for some of the things that I was talking about in the chat. Um, even like allocation drift, right? One of the things was confirmed: client-related clients related to developer advisor do not receive preferential risk-reward settings. Right? So it's just like certain configurations and settings can drift off for certain accounts. How do we measure that? How do we quantify that? Um, some of these things can definitely be quantified by some of the methods that you guys might be using. So there's definitely a gap to bridge there for sure. Yeah, that's great. I see Prabhakar has joined. Hey Prabhakar. He's also on, good. So just to give you some context, um, actually Prabhakar and Vamsi, me and a couple other folks from the India team are working on this short sales tool. So I think these guys built it on the Jeffries side. Now we're planning to build that for our wreckage environment as well. Um, we had a couple of ideas on how we wanted to deploy it and everything, and that's what me and Prabhakar wanted to run by you and Harshit. So Harshad just said that we could add Prabhakar on this call, spend like 10 minutes discussing that, and then continue with the robo advisor. Okay, sure. A quick thing—I think Harshad texted saying he'll join the call by 1:45. So if you guys want to drop off and reconnect later, that's fine. Or if you want to discuss this short sales part on the robo advisor or anything, I'm fine with that as well. I think if you want to talk about that short sales, it makes sense. We have the time, unless you absolutely need Harshad. No, no, we can run it by you as well right now. Sure. Yeah, so explain what the thought process was. Yeah, but I was going to say, before you do that, I am familiar with the short cell dashboard, but I still built it. That was her first ever reg edge project. I wasn't there, but I do know exactly how it works. It uses Fidessa starter position files and Fidessa end-of-day position files, calculates the difference, and determines where we have positive liquidity and negative liquidity, and that's part of the disclosures. So I'm familiar with the project. You don't have to go into all that detail. Well, that's...