So if everything goes smoothly, maybe we can have a couple of test cases, maybe 3 or something like that, where we have one exception. We have the internet ledger where we would have validated the ledger, like how the ledger is being calculated. It has been calculated by the starting position. Yeah, I think this testing documentation may be fine. I can handle it also. Okay, so tomorrow at the Chrome call, should we have this demo call? Just an internal demo call within the 5 of us? Yeah, the demo itself is just going to be on the tool. So the tool is anyway completed, right? So we'll just have to check the raw data. Yeah, after that, I was saying we need to publish it as well. No, not before that. So what we will do, I have just modified it a little bit. The Power BI wasn't working, but I will send it. And then when I can load the data over there, we can just publish that out from their service. Okay, yeah, that sounds good. And for PPD, yesterday I showcased one of the iterations to present and I think Kessler is also reviewing it. So we already have some review comments. I'm working on that. Today we have the second iteration and me, Vamsi, and someone will be connecting for modifying it further. Yeah, so that's the update from the PPD end. Nice. Yeah, I think we have good time. All good, on track. If we want, we can connect by end of day once again if you guys want. Hey Mamta, can you export it as a B file, right? So I can look at how you implemented the whole logic and stuff. I have MacBook only, right? I haven't set up virtual machines on top of that. So if I attempt to give that, I can check in to the repository so that now everybody can have a look and it'll be much better. Let's see if you can do that, or let me know if you need help. Export it as the code file, right? Yeah, sure, sure. Just give me 5-10 minutes and I'll send it. Great, yeah. And also, what I understand now is the exception logic is already implemented. It is in the Power BI and it's already doing that, right? We just need to test and tune it. We don't need to develop that as such. No, we are connected. Okay, thanks. I didn't get the pictures. Do you remember, Monto, you were discussing about that? So we have to do that, all these things once the data is available. Now at least it's clear that they're already good. Okay, so at what time can we connect by your deal? Like what would be convenient time for everyone? So we are tracking, set up a short call. It's a 5-minute call to know the status of everything. Five-minute call, right? Yeah, like maybe. Yeah, I think it's kind of late, so maybe we can do like 9:30 or something, or 8:30. At 8:30, is that okay? 30, maybe. Okay, let me just check.