And we met with each other and talked about stuff. So five, six, or six stuff I think. Good morning. Good morning, we are waiting for I think it's for the call and then we can start with the case. Yeah, that's fine. Are there any troubles? So we can first start with the updates. We will send the one page. Do you want it in email format or the format which we were having before, like the thing that you which we were sharing? Pity one is so we side, but then we will not post it because of a weekly call. That's how I think I skipped it. But then yeah, I'll continue this weekend and we'll keep sending the updates via email. Yeah, before I had anything, I wanted to understand if all six is there any other update from the Friday email that Djit had? I'm sorry, what are you saying? Any other updates from 605? Yeah, actually they wanted a few of the examples that we were checking on our side. So I sent in the example and we are waiting for the reply. But I think we already updated in the group regarding the FRS Friday call and the sixth 606 group. Okay, I'll actually send you on my start with the cat updates. We had a discussion with the inquiry. So I think Fessa confirmed that D will be coming up with a patch. Hello? Hey guys. Hey K. So yeah, they'll be putting a patch to populate all the pending records. So once the patch is put, I think it will also be resolved and can include the stick also. Then this other inquiry with the subsequent query, I think beware, I'm not sure about how to see the optional events. But then I think we will have to submit the correction for all deleted events here. We don't like, we have some data, but then we don't have all the data for that. We'll have to work with all the INN team to understand how that can be done because currently we don't have any percent data. But then we need to submit corrections to delete these. Yeah, one quick thing, just an update from yesterday. So Ryan confirmed basically that we can identify these by looking at the oil train. Looking at the, I think we have this advice that we wouldn't even set against from a C standpoint, that have Minos and only ABCO are flipped and are missing M MOS. And the correction would be to delete the Minos and Mikos because we should have deleted these. These were cancelled. No, these will be deleted. The reason that we're deleting them is because the optionality to be reported. So we're like not reporting them. Okay, okay. So this trick over reported, but we also report the whole line so. Correct, positive for us right now. Correct. And we don't, you know, synthetically towards. And it'll just be easier for us to delete the Mino and MSCO as opposed to trying to recreate the whole event. How many records are there? And how many are we talking about? This happens maybe, it happens of fame so I think you have a count of 60 or 70,000 that goes back till 2024 for the P.