Let's take a look at this. Come on, man. Okay, we can start. Should I walk through the plan? Should I share it, or how should I present this? Yeah, share your screen and walk through the plan, and then wherever we keep the community. Okay. My mission is being very slow for some reason. Oh, fuck. What's happening? How do I come back to that? I see it's here. This bro, please, what I need. Call. Oh, my God. Oh, yeah. Oh, Brazil. Close. Sorry? Oh, no, here, here, man. I want to close the door. Uh, char, char. Stage. Yeah. Is it too early? Holds it? Oh, my mission is being very slow somehow today. This is painful. Is the UAPC still pending? You do some testing for that. Hmm. He tells it. Good morning. I was just working with someone else. No problem. He'll take a couple of things. The question I asked you, Provokan, is I know that, like, AI is part of ML, and ML is part of AI, you know? Oh, sorry. You remember you were seeing there was something, some jargon YouTube was using? Summarization. Okay. I mean, there was something they were calling, some word you were using. Counterfactual, you know? What is that, counterfactual? Uh, no, so there are a couple of things. We discussed this a couple of times, right? The first one we started with was detecting the errors itself. And then, you know, explanation. Explainable. Remember? MLX explain, okay. What are you saying? Explainable AI, actually. Is that what a man? I think what it does is it detects a particular record to be an error, plus it'll explain what are the values which made it say that this is a violation, this is an error, right? So explainable is something we can achieve, which we can only achieve with ML and a combination of LLM, right? No, no. Explainable AI is like, we have classical models. They do classification. They classify each record into a particular class. Okay, this is error class thousand, this is error class 1200 or something, whatever, right? So each code, it'll save. And then the existing classical model itself has this layer called LIME or SHAP. Those things where if you pass, it'll immediately give you that, uh, that will tell you even without LLM itself. But there are cases where even after that, there is counterfactual models we can build that will generate a probable output for it. That's the place where we can even leverage LMs to generate the right output, what the expected output kind of thing is. So we can leverage LLM, but probably it needs little fine-tuning and all, right? So if you take LLM directly, it may not be giving straight away a proper answer. But then if you build, do little, yeah, LLM has a problem, right? LLM problem, they are not predictable. Yeah, yeah. So if you have a good, yeah, I think in this scenario, we should always try to use, um, yeah, classical.