Okay, so let's continue with the same example. Would Daljit be able to use the same link to join, or do I need to do something? Yeah, he should be able to. He should also be able to just update the invite as well. Okay, I need to do something on that. He probably tried from the invite also, right? Okay, got it. I'll send it over. If you go on the Zoom app, the meeting will show and ask you for the password. Now, how did you log in? Did the latest link work without a password? Yeah, I just kept the link and opened it up for myself. Okay, that's good. I think this is the first time I've set this up, probably. When you set up before the calls and stuff, I've been able to join. You probably get this kind of link there for you. Okay, got it. That's fine. We can continue from here if that's okay with you. Yeah, I'll give Kickplay a 32-second background. We've been talking about the problem with how difficult it is to link records horizontally through time, right? Generally speaking, the issue is at the record level. Like from Rock to PTC to CAT, that's vertical, right? Why are we looking at horizontal linkage? Well, yesterday Daljit wanted to understand how we do that. He mentioned the term consolidated auditorial, which means we're looking for horizontal linking. Since we covered vertical linking, he's really more interested in horizontal and wants to understand how we actually do that. I said I'd do some analysis and come back. Did you look at the proposal we currently have that's doing the horizontal linking? Yeah, I told him we have some sort of implementation. I already shared it with him. Then he asked how our current data sector model fits into it. It's different, right? He wanted to understand that. He also wanted to understand what we have implemented right now in today's call, plus how we can adapt this to the Arizona linking. He wanted that in a single place, in the same view. Horizontal linking isn't the aspect of this particular piece. It shouldn't be. It will be eventually, right? Thinking about it for next year, this should be something to leave. I'm pretty sure there's something we promised. We only have horizontal linkage in the current UI. Why do we need to also put it in this UI?