Hey, how are you? That's okay. Yeah, it's going on. So I had to complete the design quota, right? I'm still working on it, and my project is completing in the college also this week actually. So I'm completing my project's final review with our folks. Both are going tightly together. And after that's over, you'll still have a lot of work, right? After the project? Yeah, after the project, there's one month holiday, right? So then next semester. Oh, one month holiday. Okay. And then meet the deadline, then next month. Yeah, hopefully. So the thing is we are at a stage where we started with error correction design and stuff, then we segued into the submission summary part of it. I was looking at what came up last week to put some sort of queries to show the lineage of a PTC to the cat, to the error, you know, with little duplicates. We just showed something to Daljit, right? Then we were thinking we had to put some sort of APIs to show the submission view and then another API to show the drill-down view for a particular order, starting from the lowest time to the latest time kind of thing. So while we bring some build along with this design, or is it purely still doing design? It's still only design, actually. The way we do it is we are in inquiries, trying to pull the data relevant because as long as you have clarity around the data and the pieces around that, the rest of things should be falling into place. Everything else is a wrapper, right? So what we do, just one thing to keep in mind from a timeline perspective also, right? Like, will we really be able to hit whatever we're committing to by end of quarter? That's why it's important that we have that quarterly plan. I still haven't seen it after that conversation with Malan. Okay, these are the things that irritate me, right? I don't have a good view. If Aditya asks me, okay, what are we doing, what is our end of year goal? I don't have an easy answer. In my mind, I know what I want to do, but I don't know if that is aligned with the team's goal, right? If we don't have that goal, then there's no way we're going to achieve it. And the problem with Daljit is that he will keep iterating. He will keep going back and forth. And then what ends up happening is the project will ultimately get delayed. And then it's not a problem for them, right? They'll come back and shout at us. And then which will also mean we start to lose money on the table. We have to put out additional people so that we're actually able to get things on time. Or let's say the contract ends in another six months. We will have to work for another six months free, of course, to deliver the work we committed to. I see. Right. And that's why it's important that we agree and start to move forward.