I'm sure there is the R, just being them over. Anyone else we are missing from the AMLT? Kumar and Mohammad have the invite. I'm just checking if they're joining. Okay, I see Kumar joining in. I had included Madari in the original invite. Does Madari also work in the ML team? Hey, urgent—AFC. Oh, I think in the interest of time we should get started. All right, let's get started. So finally I can see everyone from the Jeffries regional team. I don't think they've had a call like this before, so it's a good opportunity to do this. What I wanted to do on this call was to provide context, since we've been working on this project journey for quite some time. I've been involved for quite some time, and Anisha joined us as part of this program as well. Hopefully we'll continue to expand this within the organization as we move into the next year. I want to provide context of what this means, because it's something you will keep hearing. I just want to make sure the organization as a team understands what this is. There will also be certain aspects where there will be impacts across the entire organization. But in terms of the projects we currently do, the biggest impact will be on the AML aspect. Everything else has very limited impact, but it's still good for everybody to be aware. That way, anything we can practically think through, we can bring it up and ask those questions where it matters. Before we get started, what's the team's awareness in terms of what this project journey is, or what people are referring to? I know it's a joint venture with SNBC back in Japan, involving a couple of business units, maybe as a whole. Yes, that's correct. I think I forgot to mention the second impact will be for GST. That's the other program we're involved in where we'll see an impact. Anyone else? All the entity structure changes happening—those aren't because of Project Journey, right? Is that something completely separate, or is that part of this too? It's part of this. So the entity restructuring is happening as a prerequisite to the joint venture. I see. Okay. So in that case, a lot of the entity relationships, at least from a compliance and reporting perspective, have also changed. I've already been on some calls with Stephanie and Arjun driving the regulatory reporting in states with civil changes that we're making. We've implemented people seeing this. So that's another one. Yeah, that's a good point. Okay, all right. Let's get started. I'll provide a quick overview of what this joint venture means and also the new structure that Kisle is referring to. Some of you may have been on calls assessing the impact and what the firm is currently building.