It's just wait for when and wants you to join, then we'll start. Pragan, did you get a chance to update the status on this thing, the D Tracker? No, DD Tracker? Okay, no, daily tracker. No, I haven't updated actually. So I haven't really done much, right? Yeah, it's okay. We have set hearts also. Hi, Vam Z? I said that. Hey guys. Hey, hey guys. Hey. So Manta, okay, let's start with the discussion. So right now we are on one B, right? Sorry, 2 minutes. Yeah, 2 way. Okay. I am setting up the AWS account, actually. I am checking if we can use the Red Shift, but with the free account, we cannot use it, it seems. I am trying though. Let me see if we can do that. Okay, or else we need to use Postgres only, and with that, we cannot like—we had a word with Siddharth today. Do you want to explain that? Sure, and just share my screen once. Okay. So what we have done is Prabakar and I set up a repository for short sales and that's the link that he's shared on the group, right? And I have created a couple of files in this repository, right? One is a Docker Compose file, and one is a README file, and one is the schema file. So, ideally, this is specifically when folks are going to be working on the database. What you need to do is let me put that up on. So what is this thing? Yes, so in the README file, I'll give you guys this link, right? This is the link that you need to go to. Install Docker Engine. It will take less than 2 or 3 minutes. If it's installed, just open it up. You don't even need to login or anything. And it pops up like this, right? This is what you're going to see. These 2 things will not be there. They're going to be completely blank once you download this, right? Then you need to run these 2 commands: Docker Compose update and Docker pull, and that's it. After that, you basically have a database instance of Postgres running on your local system, right? After that, the only thing you need to do is use this schema file. You can write all your SQL schema statements here, like create table and stuff like that, right? That you want to keep safe here. And you will run this command for Windows or this command format, whichever system you're using, and those tables will be created in the database. So that's it. It's not a very long process to set it up locally. Also, if you want, you can use a tool like DBeaver that helps you connect to your existing database instance that you're going to be creating, and you can visualize the tables there because there's no way to visualize it within VS Code. So I was ideally going to set this up on Venice's system, but he had a call on Geoff, so we haven't been able to do it. Which month, if you want, we can quickly do it on your system after this call, and then you can let other folks know how to set it up on their system as well.