Hey, Steve, can you hear me? Yeah, I can hear you. Cool. What was the issue that another pointed out in the context? We have this column group, right? It has 3 groups, actually. I've created only one. He said we need to create all 3: Finra, SEC, and then all columns. Okay. We can just copy the same piece for all of them, right? Yeah, most likely you should be. But the thing is, I just made my own judgment on what should be there. I just created that context, actually. Let me ping you anyway so that you'll see it. Did you update it in Snowflake as well, like the North Road? Yeah, I did that in Snowflake. Let me ping you here for reference. And then I still don't see exhibitions. I see Earth? I don't see it. If you can share your screen, you don't see any data then, actually. If there's an error with this, then you can see it. You see other data? Yeah, yeah. So you would see. Okay. So you may have called this cream, everything, right? Okay. I'm seeing your Snowflake. Yeah, but if you look at the stage in, then go back. Yes, whatever. That's good data. And I still see only execution order and allocations. You don't see submissions. Let's try to see what's going on again. Admission standards, okay? So this is orders which are working. Of course we have awesome groups. And then you have more column groups. Within 9, you have columns, 3 levels, and they have columns, 3 levels. SEC, and you have columns, 3 levels, columns. Then we get into the description, search orders, search motions. Something is wrong, I think. The format, is it? Why is this one blue? Why is this one not? You know what? Maybe because this is a Python text file. Let me just do a new text file here. Let's copy this and put this. Okay, now it is colored good at the same. This is fine, okay. It's fine. Oh, okay. One of them shall be asked, another to see. He has a way to debug also. Do you remember what he did? Yeah, he did. He did go for the inspection mode and see what it throws. But again, I think his sections versus comparing JSON only is what you're doing. I need to lose these first. Okay, I come back to screen. Did you do the inspection model? Good. Okay, console and then you can go to, you see any errors there? Reported in console? No, was it? When I first opened, there was this guest failed to load resource at this with status of 500 at a code. You are in console, right? Can you go back and just show it again? If you just expand this, click on the network. Okay.