Hey, hey everyone. How is the day going? Things are going good. There are a few connections and stuff that I need to submit, and I'm in the process of submitting those. I'll keep doing that in the background while we talk through some other stuff. Mainly, in this call, we can showcase some of the wireframing work we've done. Just give me one second. So let's take Daljit through what we have. I want to make sure that we have an account of all of our artifacts. One is the new Confluence page that we've set up with a lot of the actual activities where we're going to end up wireframing. We've been documenting the design and anything that comes out of the discussions we have with Daljit. So let's take him through the entire procedure: what all screens we want and how those screens are going to look. And then let's take his input and insights to see where he thinks we should maybe do a little bit more or change the screens. That's actually what I'm going to come in on. Okay, makes sense. And then what I wanted to do also is show him one correction feature, right? Let's take an example. How did we do the corrections on the most previous ones? We did like MOA and BARD, Theno and MEA conversions, which is basically where we deleted one record and we created a view using the record that we were essentially going to delete. So that's a good example of the main cases that we typically use. The easiest one is where we just need to update a value. And that updating value comes in with all the data. So as long as that's handled, maybe if you can share a screen with the Confluence page, let's just go through it and make sure at a high level it's accounting for the various states that we currently track. Okay. At least, the majority of the updates that we need to do are easy to make as long as we have a way to crawl from PTC to C and as well as if we have field mappings for key details that need to be updated, we should be able to do that as well. Next is delete functionality. How do we get delete functionality? Well, that would be pretty simple, but we need to get a little bit more information from FIS as well. So as we go through some of these scenarios with you and Manan, we can work together in terms of communicating with FIS about each of these scenarios. We can take some use case examples from our site where we have events that get deleted. If we want to submit a catch, if we want to submit a deletion to a catch that was submitted yesterday, we just ask FIS: what are the keys that need to be populated in PTP and how can that actually be facilitated? And once we have that, we just need to document that so that...