The meetup is Oprah Bakar, I believe. Mamta is not there. I think Mamta has high fever. She messaged me in the morning that she probably won't be able to join. Okay. We are in the same sort of building apartment, all in different rooms. Manan just went out a moment back. I want to catch up sometimes. So you guys are together somewhere offsite? Yeah, yeah. In Bangalore, Argent came here, so he arranged for meeting up with all the folks here. Nice, nice, nice, nice. You want to do it? All you want to do it, yeah. Yeah, I can check between Mullins. He's updated everything, I think, and he's also given a summary that we can walk through. Okay. If you want to also bail out, that's fine, right? We have our own errors at all, which we can do tomorrow or whatever. I think that's tomorrow, so if you want to go, you can go. No, no problem. Yeah, so anyway, I'll be in the meeting only. I'm not going there, but yeah, I'll catch you for some time then, yeah. Okay. Thank you. Yeah. Okay. Sorry. In terms of error correction, Baljit, I think you know at least about most of the ones that we've been connecting, facing connectivity issues that we've had with Mimex. Where Sanjay had made the change. All of these connections were submitted, I think we should be good here. We're still doing some of the data testing that we need. Is it still an issue? No, man. No, no, no, it's not. So after I communicated to Rob that you're missing DS characters, he picked it up, he made the update that day only, and then since then we've had no issues on this. And we can close it, so the backloading is done, connections are done, right? Correct. I wanted to close it on the call. Yeah. But backloading, everything is done. That's the problem. Whenever you move something to done, it just goes off the board and it's there in the actual epic now. This is J Rugby, right? For you? Internet, yeah, so you see it with your... You might have a filter there. That might be the only thing I can recall. In the board. I don't think so. I know Monday when you play around, you click on board and configure, you know, go to board. No, on the right, right, right, right, right, yeah. Click on the... You will see it's all open filter, so if you edit, no, no, click on it. Edit filter coin. Which service status is not equal to done, and it is not gonna be done. They should move that whole end. If status is not equal to done, then you should see. Well, it's right now. If you see, I guess it'll work from the next one. No, it should work, you know, also, but I don't know. It just went from here then. That's okay, well, yeah, something. It's actually that filter. I see what you're saying. No, I'll check, I'll check with one, but anyway, yeah. That connection, all done. We also have...