Hey, man. So we have a call at 7:30 also. Let me quickly pull up the Jira board. Okay, can you also share the X-scale thing? Sure. Is that the X-scale thing? Yeah. The fact is, I was working on it. Let me send you this one for now. Do you need a good work for him? No, I sent you the 3rd frame. I was working on collecting details for that, and then I have some other work we did in the morning. I'm going to give you some other intense work I did. Let me share my screen now. No, I'll give you one more. I worked on another frame, but that frame is not something in the system diagram, okay? You see my screen? I mean, that's fine, that's fine. Let's do the ERA. Actually, yeah. Anything you feel? Yeah, I'm seeing the screen, yes. Yeah, thank you. I have the news with me so far. So is this a great submission summary? This is done. This PUC of onboarding at service account for DBT—what is the status? That's not even touched, right? I mean, that was parked, right? Why is it faulted? You should give a writeup. No, no, no, you might see that. Go to the bottom in the comments. Have you written anything before? You should have returned, right? Yeah, we can. Okay, cool. So we don't have an end date for this, right? This is done late, then this is also done. Oh, that's done, yeah. Oh, we should have added that to the slide also. This is done. I forgot to add it to the slide yesterday. Yeah, I understood that. I have built something very critical that's much useful for giving a clear picture of what we need to do in the future, but that's not in this diagram. That's a different diagram. That's not a system diagram. That's a model diagram. I'm not sure. Yeah, yeah, but the models, I can't bring nothing. I want to bring up something new, which is not there because then like every time we have this call, the plan is only—it's difficult for them to keep up. So we need to stick to one plan. The first goal is to just have a concrete plan, divide the tickets, and then we have this building submission summary page as well to show that it's done. Yeah, yeah, that's done. So any comment or do we have anything like any support and document? Supporting documents? I think there's some release actually. Yeah, it's merged to main now, the last PR. You can send it to me as well, it's fine. Send me something. There must be something. Kislaya has actually collected a screenshot from Kisley. I don't have the role to go to the UA. There is no description, there is nothing. I packed you with two pieces. This is parked, this is not done. We need to do it later. That needs—no, we had to complete the other critical ones because this came up later, right? This particular one, it's not really—this came, so scroll down to the bottom.