Hello. Yeah, let's start with the confluence before we get into the pip that I was sharing. I want to talk about this. Are you ready? I can pull it out. I also have it open. Good afternoon. Okay. Yeah, we can see the screen now. Yeah, I can start. So, very quickly going through at a high level, right? We have all the industry data, static data that we want to create for the codes and then all of the submission points, right? All of the encoding are automated with different data. So the FDA publishes two main files on their site, which is the FIM list, which contains all of the industry members and their emphasis, CRDID and all of the other details. And they also published an SOD symbol and ND symbols to essentially identify what are the reportable symbols for the day, so that if we have any order flow within those symbols, those should typically be used. We don't use it today, but users use it today. So that could be one of our validations, right? That's a very good validation to have internally on our side as well. But yeah, the whole purpose is just getting any kind of like peer and real feedback all because ultimately we're going to need to use it. One is obviously going to have from a validation perspective, and then ultimately, if we're trying to do an FIC in general, it's going to be required to be able to filter out eligibility versus ineligibility on the symbol, as well as validating certain reference CRD IDs and stuff that we use. Okay, that's fine. That's good. Yeah, this should be the entire world of data that we need to do anything, whether it's correcting it, whether it's updating values, whether it's showcasing MI tasks and whatnot. This should be the entire data set that we need. For this program that you think is very high level, what we're about is for each of these, we're going to create more like PRD diagrams focused on the boxes so that it's comprehensive, one with file names where those files are, what objects we essentially created for those, serve with data modeling and architecture pieces on our side. Okay? Okay. So we have all the sources. Let's tell all the sources are invested on our side. There is a standardization and a normalization. Yeah. In this, everything exists except for everything we only have in, right? In the rain, in Snowplow. Except member index, member-specific data, which is the as well as the frog in that are essentially published on. That the see if we can use the same table we have a case. That's a good point, actually. Maybe yeah, I can check whether we can put it all in one place so that there's not a lot of that maintenance, so that this additional object, but that's a good point. We can take that to see if it fits into the current data model. Yeah, but we have all of it. One thing I will say is for the error files that are currently...