Okay, so can you delete any of this? There's an empty test creator, the last one. Can you delete that? I think when I recreate experiments, I know I created them. Yeah, so the dropdown actions, select the top one, yeah? Delete all we have. That's good. I don't have that option at all in the first place. Okay, yeah, just delete that. I think you got some limited access. I think that's the reason it looks like. So can you open like, can you add a new task or update an existing task? Can you go to that? So I need to open one of the tasks and then, which one? I think the second one, 2067, I guess. Yeah, that's the task. Okay, and I'll share you some documents. Let's see if you can add. That'll be better. That's good. At least. Yeah, forward. The code is going to prod. Yeah, this is going to prod, yeah. So it's just for... sorry. Oh, was the Bangalore meetup? Yeah, it was good. Very nice, actually. It was on a Friday. Sorry? How have you guys been? Oh, nothing much. Same, you know, a couple of places nearby, nothing major. Plus, you know, a lot of folks didn't come, like Mumsy and Mumta, they couldn't come. But Manan was there for just one day and then Utka was there for the other one and days, and then I was there and then me, is local, and Soakatika was local, so we were able to come and meet actually. But yeah, it was good. It's a good separate room. He booked for each of us and then we were able to work and then, you know, so much of partying, so much of food. Nice. Yeah, I think they'll have this again next month when her ship will be there in India because he's also travelling on the 7th, right? But that'll be a one day, but again, when Harsati is there, it's going to be a very big party. I know we went a couple of months back, two months back, to Goa, right? It was a big party, you know? It was really crazy. When I plan to come to India, but because of this visa issue going on, I'm trying not to. Yeah, I hear that actually. That's an unfortunate thing. These guys are creating so much confusion. Kessler wrote something. I see UI context century, but nothing in UI. Can we check with on the ones? Yeah, yeah, respond to him. Yeah. This is the UI that I created? Yeah, yeah. You have access to it. I think so. Well, if you see here, the three files are already there, remarkably. Oh, already there. What are you? Oh, that's interesting. Concentrated moment, ten deployment artefacts, and UID. Well, good. Then he added then. Okay, see, since I shared with him, probably he added them himself. I understand. Okay, then that's good, great. Thank you then. We are good. Oh, then, since you are here, sorry? Yeah, which one is this? This is the one you were doing with Anand? No, no, no. This is different. This is for the Snowflake changes, the backend changes for submission. Yeah, this is for the same thing, right?