We've given the response and everything, so this is completely done. We wanted to put a little bit more controls on the real tech site—at least have them document and send us what they're doing on their side to make sure they're catching these issues and being proactive about it. The main thing we want to do is migrate from using COR event types to creating a supplement event, whether it's new order, equity option, or complex option, but with the actual FDID. That's typically what regulators mention and ask for. When we have a pending monitor, they look for a supplementary event as opposed to checking an update on the passport event.

So initially, for these kinds of errors only and for people—if they don't, we have to add some validations. I thought there were some events which weren't being monitored. I added those already. Multi-leg new orders are now being accounted for as part of the pending checks.

Can you do me a favour? Manan, don't entertain that. We should have something—an epic. Then close that epic. Create a Jira announcement for validation or addition to validation so we have a clear picture of what violations we're adding now. From now on at least.

You're telling me story, right, not an epic? No, create an epic for validation—module of validation or validation announcements or policy changes. Then add a story to that and close it. That's what Kislia did. Okay, I'll do that, but we already have something for enhancement. I'll add it. Within CAT BAU or so, I think you should have a ticket for validation enhancements. Daljit, are you saying we create a new epic for validation enhancements specifically and track any validation updates there? Yeah, that makes sense. I think BAU has a good amount of stuff already. There are two or three tickets pertaining specifically to validation updates. There's stuff on the millisecond granularity as well that we want to change. I'm doing some testing for that. With multi-leg new orders, not only on the pending side but also checks around account holder type values have been included. It was an enhancement across the board. That way, we can do this, and if—Aditya is very much into this—he will ask these questions.