Good morning, folks. Are you saying something? I want to discuss this, but we can go over the important part now and connect later for the success steps. I just need two more tickets to create. I've been holding tickets for a long time. Yeah, I'll do that. Okay, let me quickly go through what's supposed to be done. We're not quite done yet. We were supposed to mark this as done a couple of weeks back, but then it got upgraded, so we want to finish this today and then we want to kick off another sprint starting tomorrow. Are you on? Yeah, I'm on. Can you guys hear me? Yes, sorry. I thought I was a little quiet. Yes, so here's my take on this writing. I think we have to move forward for this and I believe we need to create another ticket. So here tonight, did you create the follow-up tickets? We have these tickets as well. Hold on, I think there's some confusion here. Those smaller tickets are not corresponding to this inquiry, so the original tests are correct, right? Let me just read the original tests. Inquiries from NXT, MS moment from USD to ETP is not being captured. That's correct. I initiated corrections for items 5A, 5D, 5H, corresponding to the formal in the letter. So that's not related to this. Thank you so much. I think Raff sent an email out. Hold on, let me just check. Has this been in queries like Mindra reaching out to Raa and asking some questions around some reported errors? Is that correct? What does their say? They will inquire about some of the data that we've been submitting. Some of it is related to error rates, some of it is related to just discrepancies that they might be seeing in terms of the reports we're submitting. But I've just forwarded you an attachment, Manan. That attachment has the latest from Fra, which was last Wednesday when we got an update. Dave raised a change request. That is correct, and subsequent items are for this. There was a separate inquiry, correct? That inquiry we closed is done because we've done the initial response for that inquiry. But all of these corrections are based off a formal inquiry that was present. The ones that we're currently dealing with in terms of the tickets, like missing subsequent nuance and stuff, those are informal inquiries. So they don't know if it's an issue or not, but they're reaching out to us for confirmation. The formal inquiry was a little bit more intense because there we had already acknowledged certain issues being present, and that's what Fra was essentially asking us about. The historical corrections for those give them background for the issue and so on and so forth. Okay, so this including, I think Julia should be back the second. Yeah, she's back, I think, from today. The thing is, we can't make any progress without her.