You think you're on? Hey, hey. Oh my. So you were being wrapped every 30 minutes. I can imagine how it looked like. It's like that, you have to interact with people. But at least in the office, it's these otherwise everyone is just trying to get on different calls. True, yeah. I mean, I know the other reason why I brought this up—I hope that the conversation went well. I didn't really, no, there's nothing wrong about that. It's just like a small thing so that, you know, I can eventually cope organically, right? So that's where it is. Nothing wrong in that. I didn't really want to make it a big deal. No, no, no, no. I think it's fine. Like I told her that at least calls with everyone else being present should be communicated and should only be in that format. If me and hers are on a separate call and it's convenient, then it's fine. But I know like, I don't even know what you said. No, this is my thinking, really. For example, at least I hope maybe in the next one or two months, my work anyway would be in the CAT area where probably we'll have some design and we'll do some POCs and we'll have a lot of sync ups, and we'll have less conversation with her. She probably wouldn't have contacts, or she might be involved as well. On the other hand, I might be focusing on this, not really giving much input into that. But I think organically, I should be able to, you know, operate normally. The challenges he's facing and the way he is recurring from—I should get to know them so that, you know, it's easy to balance and help out in multiple ways, right? Like, I should be able to bounce my thinking with her as well during India time so that, you know, we don't overload you. Or, you know, at the same time, I probably—you know, it's like double eyes, right? Where CC probably reviews it early and I'll come up and review with you in your time, right? And then apart from you, there's double review—means it's a little more efficient for you, right? And then, you know, you'll also write. You also will have so much proximity to Duljit. Means there's a lot of time sensitive stands for you. So I probably look at, you know, freeing you up a bit wherever I could, right? So, I obviously should have a daily brief of such things happening where we catch up early on some of my items and what we decided, how we discussed—kind of things so that you should have a complete picture of the daily increment stuff, right? So so far, some of these things I probably need better engagement with Mamta. That would happen. I mean, I was eventually planning on that, but the idea was I just want to really have a clear picture of this one CAT and then eventually start working closely with her so that that will automatically start to happen. So I was thinking anyway, at that time, I could eventually gently explain to her how I'm really missing out on key issues you guys are discussing. I'm really missing out, not being so much productive, no? I mean, it's not.