We need to define what a terminating event is—either a cancellation, a route, an execution, or a fill. Our current logic already finds the trail for an order audit trail. As long as the last event we see is just a child order, we know something needs to happen to that child order and we're probably missing an event. Or if it's a router cancellation, then we know it's not something to get, like, planned. That would be amazing.

We've been discussing how we want to structure the validations. Jesus has put in some commentary about the overall table structure that we want in order to feed pretty much all kinds of validations into the same table. There are two kinds of validations that we would need to do, or that we would typically want to do. One is exception-based, which is going to require some action to be taken against it. The second is more exploratory or information-based, where it's not evident that we need to take action, but we should at least be looking into the data to see if there's an action that needs to be taken.

Simple examples: In the first case where we need to take action, something like pending monickers. If a pending monicker shows up, we know we would need to create a new event with the correct monicker. In the second case, we have millisecond granularity of events. We definitely do want to flag orders showing up with zero millisecond granularity, but it's not necessary that there'll be action taken on those orders because it could be reported correctly. That's what I mean by information-based.

Even with terminating events, something like that could come up where you could have both cases, or at least the cases would require some form of analysis or digging that would need to be escalated to a Fidessa team or some kind of subject matter expert on that specific scenario or flow. That's the high level of what we're thinking about with validations.

I think the way we're thinking about validations—getting to the state where we feed in technical specifications, reporting scenarios, and then have some kind of intelligence system proactively flag stuff—is going to be a little harder to do. But if, let's say, we...