Hey, you know, I think it might just be us, so I think we can work towards the call with Daljit, right? Yeah, so what's the spending? What are things you need to cover now? So I think mainly, I just want him to be okay with the first two designs of the first two pages and the functionality. And I want to essentially agree on the call that this is something we should be POCing, or at least creating some kind of test cases so that we set up the initial infrastructure or initial functionality on the backend. So that at least from a backend perspective, let's say that same 2012 example, right? Well, the quantity needs to be updated. We take that as an example and we just make sure that from a backend perspective, everything is working. In the meanwhile, I just want to make sure that the screens that we're ultimately going to be working with, that he also agrees on. Okay, I mean, so even if it is not complete, if the screen is not complete, we can conceptually explain it to him from this Excel itself. Okay, these are the rows. Here you can edit. And we modify that a bit, but this is how mostly the data would be looking like, right? Exactly. And I'm trying to make the Excel look a little bit more pretty, and maybe I can share my screen, right? Yeah, all right. So this is the error corrections page. What I'm thinking is just on the top we have search fields, at least the key search fields that we know are going to dictate error corrections. This is just like, you know, similar to how they had actions for reprocessing that they're seeing like input output or whatever. We have a public caption for correction. And once, you know, if they, let's say, over here will be the actual individual entities that show up based off a filter. Okay, and at the bottom here will be our submission queue, which contains order ID, rent type, date, action, approval. So column D and on, right? Is that something like status of FAS and some? No, no, no. So status will be in this page, right, which we discussed before. This one got overwritten, but I'll just mark something up similar to here. Okay, let me. So the status in itself will only be there in the first audit page. And if we want to see like the event, sure, they should be able to click on the boxes or whatever and be able to click on one box to see the audit. Like, okay, if they want to see for this one event type, whatever was submitted, they can click that and they can see base PTC that will receive final PTC, something was received, feedback, whether or not there was inadequate, and then if there is an error code in any description, then we populate those. But in this page, right? I'm not trying to get everything again. Maybe if submission is unnecessary. Yeah, he is not good. Maybe submission is the only thing.