These venues and specifically, what comes out—how essentially IHS is calculating this successive report on the equity site. What specific order is it being considered where it's being sent over to, you know, Intelligent Crime and some of the other venues that we don't see any data also going out to. Okay, so for these differences, we still need to figure out and confirm. Is it like for all the other gaps? At least we are getting a note from RAF, it looks like. For these venue-based differences, we still have to get that confirmation—like what the root cause analysis is and what our next steps are. We have to specifically see why IHS is marking or including those values within the reports. And if there are any tangible orders that we can check on the C side to see what things are included by Joe on the IHS center. Okay, and Joe was out last week. We have a call with him like after this in the next 24 minutes. We're getting on with Joe and Susi to walk through this exact piece. Yeah, okay, good, sounds good. Yes, so I think why I'm asking is let's make sure that we are using these dates as our Bible, right? Because if we're saying 2.6, if you see, we are saying 8/15 we will be done with QA, UAT, and bug fixes. But if we don't even know what the bug is, obviously we don't have any fix for it, all right? And clearly I see it's highlighted at this, which is good. And we need to make sure we are working with RAF to get to the bottom of it as quickly as possible so that we can make this clean as well. Exactly. And like, even on the call the weather was wrapped, it wasn't clear. Like, rapid mention, or at least had the indication that it might be that IHS has stopped basically, right, in terms of two degrees in the six or... But that should be something that comes out of the conversation with Joe rather than us obviously making like interception, which you know, we're not in any time to make. But just our understanding of the business is that there shouldn't be a lot of equities and also happening pretty much at all unless it's going to tonight. Yeah, yeah, okay, sounds good. We have had some positive work on the Luxembourg side as well, so that same call with RAF. He was able to give us some underlying data for this specific orders from like Frank Russell that we were able to use to enhance like logic in terms of accounting for these records. So just to give you a recap, all of the Frank Russell orders that are present in the current Lux profile from that IHSC—all of them are present within the P, within our PPC and are notable. All of those were also able to link to routes. The majority of the flow here goes, only comes into practice, goes to Nets, splits into child orders, goes to PTS, and then goes out to the venue. Now in some special cases when the order goes to prePTS, instead of directly being routed out, some people PTS it goes to the SMA.