Okay, keep that. I will not play, clean it and make it like I said. No, that is not a problem. I will... does this piece make sense? Wait, I am coming back. I'm on Twitter. Change. Oh, burner. No, why is it so slow? Aha, it's okay. What you're showing here is all three phases? Okay, the third phase looks like some write-up about all the faces, is it? Or you wouldn't see? No. So you're talking about slide number four, is it? Phase 1, 2, 3, ACC. Is that the one you're talking about? Yeah, yeah, yeah. That I'm talking about. I'm also talking about that there is this piece, this way I will put this in. So I control... you know, it's... yeah. Can you hear me? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. I thank you. Let's do a... So then we don't. What you are doing is, I think, exactly how he wants to showcase the deck, right? He wants us to make it down and make changes. And when then go statement there, can it should be, basically the submission sum, be at a correction worker and then the last phase should be the MIS. We should just clarify it by... And then anything specific about stuff like that, we don't have to call out them separately packing. I just put the points of stuff or any points associated within. So maybe the first one you can just be high level: what's in pain and know what's in ting, what's in pastry, get ignored in that. Can you just actually be after these and stuff that we have within just those phases and we should just put a tentative deadline towards the end of the page. So there are some tangible dates that give an idea as well. I'm talking about what we have. We have this person in this talking high level: phase one page in phase eight, second side, maybe going into a little bit more detail to face on PH, and then to supplement the detail, we obviously have a lot of task and stuff that we already created out. And I think we have a masking of task that we want to do at least at a more granular level. But just a point that you... we should just have the document and be on our side, right? But at least a perspective, high level on face to face, then a little bit more detail like individual activity. And maybe I can be like a third diagram of situation, right? I meant to... yeah, you... So whatever the thinking was, like on your line, but like we talk about phase two, phase three. And then because currently we are working on phase one only, like the submission, somebody that right, we have the real deck, right? Then the next slide, what we do is you break down phase one as in how we are achieving that liquid, what, exactly what all activities we are doing and like what is the tentative date for that also. And then while talking about that only because we are explaining that, then through that slide only will take up to like the PC and the screens which we are trying to solve. Okay, no, I like that. And then in addition to that...