So we are completing one story which will create all the views and stuff to make sure it's working fine. The next story we plan is building the API for it from the regular API repository. While they start in parallel, someone else can start reading and refactoring whatever work we have done right now to convert that into DBT. Even better, if it's okay, we can convert the current form itself into DBT before taking this into production because there is some effort we are putting in. We can right now start working with DBT itself. That's another alternate way. But again, before delivering to production, we keep changing, right? That's my concern. So if we deliver this one to production and it's running, then we'll go to API building and then DBT refactoring in parallel. Can you come and explain to me the words of the plan and what we will do with DBT? Okay, so right now let me share again so you can see the screen. Do we have a list of all the raw tables which will feed into the DBT? No, that's not different, right? DBT and current SQL are both the same. It's just, you know, it's simple SQL. We are just making a modern SQL, that's it. That'll be the difference. You can think of it like that. All the tables, input, output, everything is the same, right? The thing is the problem with that is, right now Snowflake supports SQL very well and DBT, they are saying it is there, but nobody has done that. We are just going to do that. So it's just trying to do some sort of hello world DBT. Once we do that, then we'll be in a good position to migrate this, right? Let me just look at this Snowflake catalog. If you see the number of files here, we have so many views. We created SQL for V and then we have a stored procedure and then we have a task. A table for the table has a view created here, right? Curated catalog stored has the table. Catalog curated has a view for the same table so that anyone can access it. And then we have the task. So we have these four different objects used to create input and data transformation we need for our use case. So actually K is on a call, so he was also supposed to join. The primary thing like he mentioned that we want to discuss what we need to do for DBT. Okay, so this is what the agenda will be. So in case if you have input, then we can add to the discussion. If you don't, then we can actually think about what we want to do so that when the team comes in I can give a high level plan for this, right? We should start doing one hello world DBT project in Snowflake. Then you can actually share. Let me share my screen. Or I can type it here. No, you can see my screen, right? Let me just put it. Can you take out Excel draw? Okay, Excel. Okay.