Correction activity pieces, right? So I'm going to go through the same examples, and then I want to spend, you know, maybe an hour with you, just so that you and I can clearly have all of the artifacts that we want to show for the call, as well as on the doctor... I think Manan has like power outages and stuff in his area. So he did mention already that he might, you know, drop or not be able to connect for a sec. Okay, no, um, I'll speak with Manan on that separately. So, have we determined the first pass, what we want to deliver? Say that again, sorry? The first iteration, what would be our first incremental release we are planning to do? So for an incremental release perspective, high level, we want to be POC at least some of the day. I see, okay. One mechanism similar to today, we like walk through that one example, right, in terms of what each step and what each box is going to processing box on our side is going to look like. I think we showcase that to Jal, Daljit, and we prove that out as well that, okay, this solution that we're building out, at least for like this one day's worth of data, these are the three or four. Makes sense. I mean, do you guys see lag from my network? Any problems? No. I'm fine on my side. Can you guys hear me? Me fine? I can, yeah. Yeah, yeah. It's fine now, but you did cut out for like a second there, we were talking about the iteration. Um, okay. No, let me know if it happens again. I'll try to like come on in. Um, let's see. But yeah, no, not. I wasn't speaking there. Give me one second. Yeah, yeah. Can you guys hear me now? Much better. Yes. Okay, I was better. Um, yeah, no, so like I'm providing, I think one of the first few items that we like, so we'll kind of have maybe two leg work streams going on, right? One is the actual error correction mechanism and functionality. Where we want to make sure that, you know, at least for based on the diagram that you showed yesterday, right? Any errors that we have self-identified and that we know what the fix for it should be, along with any validations that we do where we internally ourselves are able to capture that something is wrong with the record and essentially apply a patch or fix to it, that is going to be one stream, which is the actual correction piece. The second is, which is the first thing I think that Diljit would want to see, is the initial landing page of the UI screen, wherein we have essential linkage to all of our submissions, right? So whatever it was in ETC, whatever RefFi is sent out and whether or not there's like an error over there, at least the initial screen mocked up over there and how that funnel looks like. And I want to essentially showcase pretty much what I had in the PowerPoint presentation and what we spoke to Laljeet about initially. That just in an Excel with clear features listed out as well. I see. So those two are the main things that we're going to be working on.