You wait, sorry about that. Yeah, no. File loading to S3 brought to UAT. I want to know who will have access right now to AWS. I don't have access. I think you were asking to raise it last time, right? Yeah, okay. I'm gonna give you guys a Jira request, at least. I think there are all the requests that you had asked on a group, so I have it. Let me check. But do you have it? Is the question whether it was part of the request? Yeah, I don't think so. It was part of the request, but then other... I remember all those broadened UADFs. Give me a second. Okay, I'm gonna give you a Git request that you guys can mirror, at least. I want to give it to at least two. Let's start with Prabakar and Mamta. Where is this? Hey, I just joined. Hey, bro. Okay, folks. Yeah, but Brock, I was just speaking to the team about loading in that week of data, at least, right? Given that Daljit has already changed the warehouse size and everything. No, no, actually, we don't need that. The prod data is accessible from UAT now, but one difference is we wouldn't have the views. So the only thing we need to do is build such views again. Wait, what do you mean the product data is accessible from UAT? So they have a way to share the whole prod data into UAT. You can go and access it now. If you just go to Snowflake, I can show you where it's available, right? Daljit already posted in Teams, right? He said he did something to enable access to our roles, like CAT roles and Rugby. Okay. Wait, where did he put that in? He put that in a group. There is a regulatory technology group. I think he created it yesterday or something. Do you see the tagging somewhere? Yeah, regularly merging multiple teams creates challenges with that one. He posted it in there. Okay, wait, let's just make sure we're looking at the same thing. Prod DB share, Renuity, right? The subject kind of thing. Under CAT or where did you put it? Let me just forward it to you. Just for our team right here. I'm forwarding it to our group here. I'm on this regulatory technology group. Yes, okay, scroll down to Snowflake there. I see. Oh, nothing is coming up? My Teams is acting up the entire day. I just forgot to post a message to our wreck cat channel also. Same message. I don't have a clear view of what it is, but I think there is a fair amount of work we need to do still in terms of creating views maybe on that data or something in UAT, or maybe copy and adapt the existing views in such a way that it goes to prod tables. Okay, that's pretty good. That's actually very, very helpful because we can do any additional testing as well directly using that. Okay, that's good.