Uh, very high. What are we getting from the broker dealer? So when it's coming from a broker dealer, the only field that we were missing was... Center, IMIT. Yeah, I think that's right. So we will have fields like destination or receiver. If it's populated, we will have a field like a routed order ID populated, or at least present in the real-time JSON if it's coming from a broker dealer. And more than anything, if we suspect that an MEOM is coming from a broker dealer, then we should be able to trace it back based on the order IDs that it has to see if the original order came in as an MEOA from a broker dealer. So where are you checking for LU? But where are you checking these MUMR events? So I was just first checking for Visor. Where? Where were you checking the Visor? Where were you checking them? Yeah, okay, I don't know. No, see, like... The Visor? Yeah, the Visor Pro changes are in UAT. See, when David Martinez says the release isn't staging, that doesn't mean they pushed it out into production. Production—they will never push anything out without confirming from us. So for the Visor piece, all you need to do is in the email he sent, and he's attached two files. Those two JSON files are the only thing that you need to look at. You don't even need to look at anything on Snowflake. And the main thing? Yeah, and then the Visor one—we should definitely check before the call whether the records are updated, and then secondly, I should check whether the historical connections and submissions they've submitted, because we had breaks over there. Uh, the Visor Pro still needed to submit historical records. Yeah, so that one needs to be completed as well. But we have a call tomorrow, right? Internal policy today. Maybe tomorrow for you—it's past 12 p.m. Yeah, yeah, yeah, 12:30. Yeah, okay. And then I sent you corrections also, right? Yeah, I think corrections are directional, right? Yeah, corrections, I think are fine. Yeah, corrections are final—submit them today and we can have that update. But right now, I think in the book, from there, right, you were charged with the show also. Okay. So last night we had gone through everything, right? Yeah, so I saw the email. Oh, what I did? Yeah, so I saw the email that Vidisha sent. I'm assuming that both of you were involved in that discussion in terms of finding the records. And then I also said... No? Yeah, okay. Actually, this morning I've been realizing that only... Okay, so the first thing—this is the main idea I just want to understand from you. Okay, now first, this was the error order ID? Yeah, that's the one that has the correct reference? Right, right. And then when you source this, the parent order ID, this was this. Okay, right?