A failure flag over here is false, right? They said if we put a member type value of A or F, it should become an affiliate flag as well, correct? True, yeah. So this is that specific record in BTC and you took a look at an XL as well. And if I look here at member type, you see the value of A? So this is what we sent you. Copy. Yeah, I'm gonna give you the PTC and let me just highlight. We have sent it. So accordingly, they should mark the cell. We have. They have marked. No, we haven't sent N. We sent a value of A. Negotiated trade is N, but member type is A. Okay. And I'm just highlighting where that A is for you as well. In this record, we should send to these guys and ask them why is it that even though we sent the value of A, the affiliate flag did not get reported as the correct value, basically. And we should one, follow up with FIS, and two, we should follow up on this chain with the D as well. Okay. And yeah, main update. What should I communicate this, right? Yeah, we should tell him that had we got confirmation from FIS as to how affiliate flag is populated, then you can tell him that it's either affiliate in or member type looking for a value of ARS. Pretty much exactly what Rupesh sent over. Then you can save. Is that good? You can use the same email chain that we have. Not the one with Ripesh, the internal one that we have. Yeah, yeah, I got it. So one follow-up with FIS with the PTC and then one follow-up to RAF, essentially saying that this is what FIS came back with. This is what we checked on our underlying data. It seems the underlying data is in accordance with the logic of FIS, and this is what's essentially happening. Okay, I'll do that, yeah. But was there any system? Okay, shall we start? You want to share? Okay, yeah, sure. Sorry, I was talking. Go ahead. I'm sorry. So how much time? Maybe. Go ahead. Hi, that warning usually comes every time. No, no, no. Can I just see the configure real quick? Yeah, update. Let's see the script. And the script you commented out, that loading part, business day dismayed 2024-08-21 to 2025 on a GF. Okay, that's. Let's check. Is mid-2025 to the car riper? Oh, because it's taking the date. I say, let's use script Java. Edit anyway. Score 2025. Okay, what date are you seeing on the script output? It is just going through that folder and it is saying, yeah, okay. Above paper and K. Okay, take it in. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, you can take over now. Okay, just for my sake, let me start sharing the screen. Okay, is my? I just wanted to open the country and speech. It's stuck now. Yeah, I take. And are sitting. I was. I don't. That is a problem. I cannot open a new tab in the head. If Sam, you will see his screen, right? I was about to, you know, change this into draw.io view, right? So this is a little sloppy here. It's not real.