Hello folks. What I was saying is we should work on completing the UI context file. Just make sure that whatever we want to expose from a UI perspective, at least on the backend, if we have those objects created the way we want to showcase them on the UI, then we have the ability to just enable them and have a special segment with something created. It's not too much overhead over that. Okay, so I think what we should do on our side is work towards the goal of finalizing at least the backend objects. And as well, I'll sync up with Tisha to see if she can help a little bit more on logic conflict fill in the context file and kind of treat that as a priority. Because at least for the next two or three days, I think there's a little less analysis work on her side. So if by the end of this week we can get at least a UI context file finalized, we can follow it up with a call at the end of this week with Ananda to get some of the base pieces set up for the UI. Absolutely, makes sense, yeah. No, I've created some stories. So with every story I just try to discuss something, but I think we are moving on, so I'm making some decisions. I probably will do quite a few reviews with you in the next couple of days to complete them, but yeah, we'll see how it goes. I made some on my own, but I wanted to ensure that's fine or good or that I really align with what we are thinking so things are right. But all of this, all I am focusing on are the backend objects only for now, so we'll make it solid and make it available. Then once things are getting on track on the API as well as the UI side, we can contribute and quickly change anything that I have. That's what I'm focusing on. No, I didn't make sense. I think it makes sense. Even the code changes and stuff you did, I think those are fine. There's a bunch of different test pieces that you put in this week in terms of just testing it out. Yeah, I'll do a thorough testing of it tomorrow since you said you're gonna have some change management ticket raised tomorrow, so I'll focus on that. So the change, I think this one, yeah, I think you can push the PR. It's on my side. I'm okay with the changes. I think it's good. So you see the way I pulled in the instance information, right? I show the instance ID at the root column, but what I also do is I associate the whole instance details from the table called raw notified table, right? If you scroll down, okay, if you look at the top one, right? Generic submission sequel scroll down. You see here under PTC itself. If you see, I add one more nested output, right, which is raw notify, which will contain the instance ID, source ID, source name, target table name, low timestamp, and stuff. And then if you see line number 158, in order to really have some performance over there in terms of looking at things, we can make that adjustment.