I did not allow you to complete. Can you hear me? Yeah, we can hear you. I can hear you. Hello K. Anyways, can you hear me? Hello? Yeah, I can hear you. I can hear both of you guys. Thank you. He is speaking, we can hear you. We can see his screen as well. We see all of the captures, right? Yeah. Over here there's a single now different timestamp for the ID and all of the already processed ones because those are legacy feeds that we're using. Is that correct? Yeah, we wanted to show some more. And then out of the nest we have from—there are some keys. And there is also pleasant. Yeah, it is also present and we can see face event mapping to the formal ID. PTCR also there. And then PDC, yeah, what's the PTCR? It is underscore for like a route? Routes, yeah. We got it. Okay. So this is even the message, it's linking to the errors. And for the errors also, you're going directly into what is it? It'll log into the catch log. Log all the raw right now. A raw table, rat table, yeah. Okay. And instead of the raw as we go to the normalized table as well, eventually that might help speed up some of our electric process. No, no, I think it probably is not just performance improvement. I was looking at when you have that table, it will be normalized enough so that validation can be included into it. That's the only reason I was thinking of the advantage of it. Although we figured out a way. No. It's big D. I will bring Diljas if you want to bring Balji. Anything. Also, so you're mentioning something I did not allow you to complete the last call. No, I was just saying let's hold back on SC after this. Let's think through this a little further, and then I know we'll speak about it. I went to send you, so I sent you one that early USDP to early, right? Let's have it into the new business and then there is another one. Created all these tickets. All the tickets are there. Then two new businesses I added, one was the USD thing and one was the flow back also. It was yeah, it looked like this now. Go see if I can. We want the L5. I think this will be kind of a tactical task. It'll be. Let's call to December and then at least. It is half an hour from here, right? So one hour I guess? No, one hour. Okay, that's 10 to 10, okay. So meanwhile, I just want to discuss things. At least if you scroll down there, if you look at PTCard we have instance ID there, right? So we just need to surface that up and show it, right? And scroll down in that can in the stage? Yeah, PTC stage. We should have instance ID, right? Is that the value we just need? That's it, right? Okay. Yeah, this is the instance line yet, that. Now evil, what we will see is, or what he will maybe want—I'm just thinking, he might want to see it as more of a column that may include directly over here, as opposed to including in the JSON on stage. And ultimately, no, no, no. So the thing is, when he wants to see it, if you want to see it from you, obviously we can pull from the JSON from APRUE layer to show it. Because you see.