Hey, so on the call with Ananda, I haven't really progressed anything in that aspect yet, actually. Yeah, so I'm having Vedisha create the UI context file. That should be completed by today. Oh, great. Okay, that's good. We'll sync up on that then. Let me know. Right, so what I want to do is I think we have most of the backend items done. Maybe we just have to finish creating the final tabularized structure and the curated view that the US is going to use. But I want to just clarify something. Can the UI just reference a table instead of a view? Because at least on the Sigma side, we can only do views. Okay, can you repeat that? The Sigma side? Yeah, yeah. I really—who's not speaking? Just go on and conduct some of the discussions coming in. Thank you. So yeah, I'll speak to Ananda tomorrow. I want to make sure that we can use a table to reference whatever the UI is going to be calling. I want to create a mocked-up table structure based off our actual view, based off our actual error correction sample work for exactly what we would want to show on the UI screen, right? I just want to create a mocked-up table. We can even put dummy data in there for like ten records or so. Okay, and then I want to go to Ananda tomorrow and tell him, this is the table that we want to be referencing. This is the context file that we've created. And then if anything, we can just draw it out for him on PowerPoint or something. Okay, can you help us in terms of creating a UI item? Which we can say where it's going to go within the UI—it'll be called like 'cat_summary_dash_code'. And just have a date filter over there and expose the table that we have. That is the only ask that we'll have for him as of now. We just want him to create the base UI items, interaction with the API, whatever he needs to do. Link it up with the tabularized format that we're creating on the backend. And we should just make sure that we'll put maybe five or six different dates, and we should just make sure that his filter is working as expected for those five or six different dates. And then at least the base UI would be set up. Then we can just keep putting data into the table as well, progressing on our side, and he doesn't need to make any changes to the UI. Okay, makes sense. I didn't get this one piece—you said for Sigma we need only tables or views or whatever? Don't worry about Sigma, but just in general, for Sigma to display any kind of MIS, Sigma will always connect to a view. Sigma cannot connect to a table. Right, okay, okay. That is just it. That is all I'm saying. So I want to see if there's something similar like that on the US side. I don't think it should be the case because with the UI we have a lot more control over on our side, right? Yeah, yeah.