Hello, I need to understand what exactly you need. Yeah, okay. So let me give you background in terms of support we're doing. We have a lot of data that goes into like BlackPearl on Snowflake on AWS, whatever. And then we have some devices already built out to go through what's submitted from the regulators. But our process is: we receive input data from multiple sources in one format. That formatted data gets sent to our catch reporting vendor called D-Test, and they will do the actual regulatory resubmission. So once we do the regulatory submission, we will get some errors or some breaks and some feedback from Finders on what we submitted. And what we need to do is correct those errors and make sure that we're able to send that correction to our vendor app files so that they can actually submit it to Finders. What we're doing on our side, we've kind of got a structure of two different screens that we're essentially trying to build out. One is kind of a submission summary, which shows one record in the way that it was received from our source in the format that the vendor expects. Then the processed record that the vendor submitted to Finders, and then any feedback that's on the record. We want to be able to link all of these and kind of show it in one view so that, okay, this is the submission that happened. This is what we got from the source. These are the errors on the record. And then ultimately, what we want to do is correct the errors. So for that, we need to essentially replay a previous record that was sent over to the vendor, but with some changes. One example might be that maybe they gave us the wrong symbol and we need to update the symbol. So we should be able to take in what the vendor sent us initially, update the symbol, and then send it out. The work is basically very similar to at least in that function, even when records cross the street stands on the CRS side. So when you guys are able to cross a record by changing, you know, the underlying IIN or whatever those few fields that you guys have selected are. I think what you wanted to understand more is how the API essentially integrates with a lot of these back-end and front-end components. Does the payload get seasoned in JSON format? Are there any custom API components that you built out as a result of that? Just to know from background perspective on our side if we need to build anything custom, if we need to integrate within the application, exactly how that happens. And for that, at least what I was thinking is you can come through, we can vote through some of the reprocess or trade functionality as well as anything that's currently there on the UI side that's being called from smoking objects. Yeah, I'll just share my screen. Okay. I'm curious, what is your background? Not much in front-end, I mean, except for little bug fixes and stuff, but.