Hey folks, good morning, good evening. You know, Manan won't be able to join. I don't know about Vadisha and Kisley. Let's just give them a couple more minutes and if they don't join, we can probably cancel it today. Shield, yeah. In my case, I asked for a slide which Manan had that had this milestone view, right? He had a simpler view before. He said, "I'll shadow, don't get that. I need to talk to him." He said he'd really send it yesterday. I think he went on leave. So what I did instead was just go and type something there which isn't formatted, and there are so many lines there, right? So slide number 14. I'll work with him to format it maybe Monday or Tuesday and it'll be in better shape. Yeah, that's right. You're talking about the revenue weekly tracker, right? The one that says 2025? Right, right, correct, yeah. Yeah, that's fine. So while you're waiting, I just have these few questions, right? Like, so we have these headers and then, no, they probably will have some parent orders and then probably I'll share the screen. That'll be better for a discussion. If it's okay if you have time, right? Yeah, no, I definitely have the time. So actually, yesterday I had a catch up with Dulji Reddy. He wanted something, you know, to have this horizontal linking, end out. I wanted to understand my understanding of it, right? So I just wanted to discuss with you a bit on that. I just created so many things. Meanwhile, let me just ask him. You can see my screen? Yeah, I can see your screen. So here, I think this is what we created together, right? And you told me that it's optional. It's not always the case where we'll have executions for every order we have because executions sometimes populate by some other means as well. Similarly, we wouldn't have a direct link between execution and allocation, right? We'll have only the account via the FDID, I guess, right? And then there'll be orders. They have the parent order. We have a column called Parent Order by which we can link the orders to their parents and stuff, right? So I'm trying to build and he said that there is a challenge in terms of even the order ID itself could be changed. So he asked us to look at this horizontal linking only at CAT layer, not at the PT layer, right? So CAT, what do you think are the key columns I should consider? Named Johnny, for example, the CAT execution by itself looks like it doesn't have anything for orders itself. It doesn't have any order. Do you know any key columns we should look at there that should help with this? Let me just open this, maybe. So the execution, whether it's a word for MEOT, so just before I jump into why not PTC? Just CAT, no PTC? Because we are looking at doing all our corrections at CAT layer. And then if you have to look...