I think we're there. I think the team is also up to speed. Let's move on to the actual correction piece. So we have that call today with Anand, right? Yeah. Anand is going to take us through two different screens—one is the reprocessing of trades and how that's working from the APS side of things, as well as the landing bridge and how they're working on the CRS side—just so that we have an idea of how the API interacts. Okay. And then we can use that for us. So what does reprocessing mean? Like if there's a gap, the way we do correction and maybe we're planning to do correction and submit, is it in the same way you do? Exactly, exactly. So they hold—if you remember, Anand showed us how the reprocessed trade works on his side in the system. He showed us something in the UI. Oh yeah, he showed the UI. They have it, okay. Yeah, he's the owner. That's where they had those five fields underlying IDs or whatever it was that you could change or add, and you could trigger the event export for the reprocessing, right? Right. So it would be good for us to understand because our error correction functionality is going to work very similar to the reprocessing functionality. Makes sense. Okay, that makes sense. Looks good. We can just make sure that aligns with them over there. Yeah. Once we're done with that call, send me a summary and you can also send updates to the broader team. Yeah, yeah. In terms of what we're building and then we can align with them as well. Yeah, just because I think at least for the next week or two, we should put our heads down and try to double down on a good POC and MVP of the submission landing page and the submission summary side, so that we can start showcasing some of it to different folks. Okay, so Anand's call would be just focusing on the frontend and API side of things or the backend, how they run their batch to build the metadata tables or other tables into a lineage kind of thing? That's not... Mostly the API side of course. Anand has a good idea on the API functionality. We can talk about that in support and he'll have some information about how the backend is. But I don't think he covers the entire backend. I asked him prior to the call. Yeah, okay. Makes sense. So the thinking is that now we need to build at every stage some audit table, right, where the audit information and the form row ID and corresponding fields are stored, right? So the thing is that either we have to modify the existing jobs to do that or we build parallel jobs just for audit information population. But in that case, you need to ensure these have proper dependencies wired to the actual jobs, so when the actual job completes, this job also triggers in parallel, right? So I'm trying to understand the existing jobs, the whole lineage, where it's running—by now exploring the repository or Snowflake or both together, actually?