Hey, hello. Did you hear me, man? People were gonna order it. So you're working today? I have an office, actually. I'm working. Who? Can you send a notification for Arun? No, I don't see a notification on them. Do you see? Okay, no, I don't. Some time back, one second. I see him. He's online, right? He's in. Okay, cool. No, he is. He was out of office maybe next week. Okay, okay. Call with Daljit—I actually did notice that I have to ask him to move it one second. What call is this today? Oh, that one, okay. At 6:30, right? Yeah, yeah, this is the schedule. He accepted the call also. We have to move the weekly call. I'll ask. Can you? Yep, uh, we can actually start up. So what are we gonna discuss today? Like, what is the agenda name? I thought like anything. So, how does this thing work, right? See, for submission summary, the idea was that for every event, right, we had to show the whole flow. Okay, when it is PTC, when it is CAT, when it is error, the whole thing will show the status for them, right? You created some diagrams and they showed them and then I did a simple sequel to show how PTC related to CAT related to error, right? That's the stage we were in and then we have to complete our low-level design pieces by analyzing the data. So we start analyzing data. Since I showed already PTC CAT to error flow, I wanted to look a bit at the other set of entities which tells the validation and that part of it. So I started looking at validation in code, trying to reverse engineer and understand what it's doing. So I saw that there is some overlaps. Oh, sorry, go on, continue. So we created a GitHub up for validation engine as well, right? Rewrite design kind of thing. We just said rewrite, but it has to be refactored to say just reverse engineer and capture the existing design of it. That's it, right? So that we know what should be done with that later, correct? So what you are saying is like what is happening currently, just like doing, ensuring that the same flow can be achieved from the opposite side? From which side? Can you like repeat again? I'm actually still. Oh, yeah, yeah. Let's see. The thing is, plus submission summary, we wanted to pull the status at each table and show it, okay? And then build down view, we need to show it. As part of it, we should design an API and then data model to do it and show it. Okay. So that is one path to it, right? And since we were able to do up till error and show something, the violation piece I don't find where would I pull and show it, right? But as for that, I got a code from Kisla. I started reverse engineering trying to understand that, okay? So for now, what I am thinking is, uh, maybe we put a design without violation piece and now we'll go with some implementation from the next sprint without violation piece in the picture, okay.