Okay, yeah, so I'm doing the same exercise again with an entity relationship diagram. I'm trying to put together a fast diagram here, which shouldn't be different. The thing is, if we look at all the bottom stuff here, these are all the different tables we're looking to put together to get the model we're looking for: orders, routes, errors, and trades, then allocations. You mentioned that allocation is something isolated and we're not looking at it so much right now. So before coming to that, the reason I want to go back to looking at executions in Lis and Dal is I was trying to understand what different kinds of errors we're dealing with. Some of them are automatic via Python scripts fixing certain error codes, and some are identified by the validation engine, which then probably goes to source teams to fix. If you see the kind of fixes they do, they may change the orders record, they may change the routes, or they might change execution, or sometimes allocations. Sometimes it might be fixing the parent and child relationships as well. That's the aspect I was trying to categorize. So out of 31 different types of things we fix, we fix around 14 or 17 error types for Fra, and then another 14 we identify as part of the validation engine itself and probably ask the sources to fix it. The major check is around 65 percent of them are around orders and routes only. Individual orders and routes. If we just fix those, we're good and it's fine. But there are some scenarios where you might have to fix orders and allocations as well, or some cases like synthetic bills with fixed MEAR or OS where we seem to need to change orders, execution, and then allocations as well. And then there are scenarios where something like time issues means we may have to fix orders and executions. And there's something called invalid new order FDIDs that needs fixing only execution and locations. I was trying to see how all these different kinds of NDDs are associated together, whether we need orders in all scenarios or not, or whether all of them can be independent. That's the aspect where I started looking at how to model it, how do we associate it, what is the core model? Yeah, so it's similar to what you were talking about with Kissle earlier today. Orders are the main thing, right? Orders link to routes very, very clearly. Orders link to trades, right? There cannot be a trade that does not link to an order. Okay, so that order ID is sort of the centerpiece, right? So I'm not surprised that a lot of the validations happen around orders: routes linking to orders, orders and trades linking to orders.