Buckets, right? Just come to the correction framework. It's like a mix of the scenarios in the cases, along with, I guess, the functionality that I'm trying to put in over here. And obviously it's not laid out the best way, but we can fix it. I just want to get the thought. So within systemic issues, right, we have known errors that we know can be fixed systemically based on delays from the source or any kind of validations that we've gotten from the source itself. Similarly, with valid investigations doing data validations on top, any permission that happens on a specific day. And when we catch exceptions for that period, we should be able to go out and do the corrections for those automatically, provided that we know what action needs to be taken. And all of this should—no one should have the ability to edit this and modify this. This is purely backend functionality. It will be exposed to the users because we're anyway capturing all of this stuff in the database, right? Because it's part of the data layer. Any correction that we make, any records, we need to make sure to fly back to the absolute permission. So to an extent, it will already be visible in the data linear stream. But we should be able to maybe park it out specifically. Call it out there, okay, we got an issue. We park a variation error and the correction record is going to be submitted. Where it was a—so in this case, this systemic issue we're talking about is so far a CAT submission, right? And then we should add a lineage to it, at least if it has to continue in this current way as it is, right? Or likely the system, if you expect to be fixed in PTC, then the RA should be from PTC itself. So either one of that we're going to do, right? But I think either way, the log will be able to capture it regardless. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We should be able to—yeah, I understand that. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, but you're right. That is the ultimate goal we're going for. Now I'm just thinking about the line like we can talk a little bit more about the lineage and jet, because we should be able to decide whether we're doing that linear escalation more so at runtime. And then okay, maybe I'm just getting ahead of this now. We can speak with the action design. So yeah, my thing is like the way FI is doing the hashing on some key columns, we do it and put such values in each of these layers, right? Pieces. PTC to CAT to errors, wherever we make an entry or make a change or something. We generate such an ID, we put it into the lineage tables and that's what we should do. So that needs—we should have things identified like the key columns for each level. Yeah, the main thing is, okay, let's say we do the lineage for one day and we have it like set up. Let's say ten days because someone is making a correction to a record.