Hey, hi Tom. Good evening. Good evening, everyone. How are you? All good, thank you. Are you? Going on, man. Okay. Hey guys. Hey, hi, good evening. Good evening Moto. Good evening Papa. Okay, let's just wait for one more minute for Sheen to join, then we'll start. Hey Ivan. Hi, good evening. So when I'm in Vamsi, it will also be your journey. Yeah, I mean I think he forgot about the call maybe. Okay, all in. Yeah, I just put anyone in. Okay, so in the meanwhile what I'll do is share my screen once. Please let me know if you guys can see the screen. Yeah, it is. Okay, okay. So for today, for 27th November, 01:34:45. Sorry, so Manta, what are you working on right now? Dashboarding. Dashboarding card, okay? Dashboard on the views, right? Actually, I have created a small dashboard. I just want to show you guys. Sure, sure. Okay, yeah, okay, we'll just go through it. And what are you working on right now? A bomb scene. I didn't start yet. I'm saying good night. Yeah, really? Okay, so when are you also going to talk to Mangta and maybe she'll assign some part to you, okay? Yeah, actually I have created one dashboard so he can just decorate it. I have done the functionality, created the measures and everything. You just go and check. I will let you know whenever after this call. Okay, one day. Okay, sorry, sorry. And please show it to Pravakaran also if he has something to suggest or maybe something to guide there. That'll be good. Yeah, let me show my screen so quickly because we are having only 15 minutes. Yeah, okay, okay. Yeah. So we'll just try a second. Meanwhile, I just submitted this comparison thing to folks actually. I'll wait for their follow-up with them. I'll come back and chat any feedbacks or something. Once that's finalized, I'll just share, right? So I just replicated all the images what Vamsi has sent. So the first image was this, like we were having two buttons: exceptions and intra-dealer. I haven't put any things in between that. Like you will click on that, you will not go anywhere so far. I will do that later because I was working on other dashboards. So yeah, this was the first page which is the homepage. Whenever you're clicking on exceptions, you'll be going to this good. And whenever you click on intra-delay, you will be going on this board, I think so. And I have cleared these two more dashboards as well. This is just a rough page what I have created so far. We need to align it. So here is the area where we have exceptions and business state as well and these slicers and something. So I have created all of them and I have created one chart here which is total experiences, total exceptions by aggregate.