Okay, so I don't know, you want a cup of table? Yeah, hey guys, hi colleagues. So you want to start? Maybe we can showcase some of the high-level stuff. So it's going to be the low-level design piece. We can get some of those questions also answered in terms of the copyics and the API usage and linkage. And then if time permits, we can go through at least what we're doing on the validation engine and the documentation surrounding that. Yeah, it makes sense. I see Prov updating some document. I was looking at it. I didn't open the detail, but some of the things look clear. Okay, so you get notifications on the changes you make, is it? Don, remove me now. I'm just... okay, yeah. So we had multiple versions, and if you see it, it will be completely different now from what you see now. So let me just go over this quickly, and then we can delve deep into any questions eventually, right? So the aim again is the submission summary UA. In this case, we're not focusing on the corrections part of it. So we need to show the order routes and trades and their lifecycle from different stages based on the final CAT error correction stages. We thought through multiple things, but what we decided is that we probably need to have something like a firm R ID at each stage. When you throw it to each of these stages, it should return the right record for you, and that will be the whole bunch you get from each of these stages. If you can put them together, it should be the lifecycle for the particular transaction, right? So that's a high-level overview, right? And then we need to have a consolidated view of all the stuff together, and then you should be able to go down based on the firm Roy to show the lifecycle and then corrections and error tracking in the same interface. But that will be eventually what we have to do, and it will be extendible. And then the display again shows all the things together, not just what we initially thought of with orders, but eventually we need to really show all the things: orders, troubles, and trades. They are of different nature. They're not just spread out ready, but route ID and then trade ID, right? So there's a couple of challenges like data ingestion from multiple source systems. So if we see the final stages, the curated stage has different final tables with some sanitized fields by each source, right? So this kind of transformation is there. We need to figure out how to link them. Which I haven't really put a lot of thought into it yet, but I'll get back to it eventually. What I initially worked on with the example SQLs I built were like from base to CAT and then to error, right? So the final PTC, I just got to know yesterday there are some standardized fields we tried to add there in terms of sources and stuff. I'll put that together eventually.