Yeah, surely. He works. There was this MST. We also have the camera—yes, the latest one we got today. So from Cat, can I see? Yeah, show me the cat's? Yeah, just in the car. These two records, right? Go back to routed on that idea. No, but my whole question is: why are we getting this? Because the routed is already in all of these—it's line item three and five, is it not? The exact same routed that. Okay, so we should extract both of those and we should tell them. I think we should follow up with MSCX. Maybe I can follow up, but we should tell them that there are two errors that we're seeing on our side, and this is because I think we can maybe send a note out to them so that they can communicate. What he was doing was an issue, right? He already sent communications to MSC. We have two records for this submission, not one, and they need to be reporting two items over there. Let's get both of these catalogs on our side and then let's follow up with that because let me see what is on their end. Okay, they're using the correct auto ID. That's for sure—ID and everything. We are receiving 013, which is on. We know why the other is there—because if you look at the order key or the route key, it's duplicated, right? So if you look at basically the symbol, symbol is auto all the ID or key date, you'll see that all of them are pretty much action. So symbol, everything is exactly. Everything is exactly. I verified this also from cat feed web—also noting for. Only the ID is different. The only thing that's different is ID and obviously when I. So let's turn off with that. So what happens when an order comes from MET to PTS? PTS will add a client code in front of the order ID. So that's basically send WDSP, this OMWK, and then whatever comes after that, to make it unique on PTS's site. PTSD is created at 29 and 203 client code over there, so that they know which point is like a response to her or whatever. So there is some internal logic that guides the system that puts that 29 and 30. But then for the routed authorizing, you can see that it removes it. And that's where the issue is coming in for us. Cool, no, I will do this with you. I'll discuss this with Grap and then, you know, whatever the next activity is there. Yeah, I just sent it on in the email to him and let's send it out to just—so that he sends it out. Now, only after this, I'll send it right away. Everything after I send it to me also, tomorrow I will, and then you and I. And we also had to determine that the error correction be the entire one thing on how we have an issue, but then we had two blocks of that and also wanted to highlight that. Play Wednesday? Wednesday, Thursday is off for India. Look at your very—it depends on the program, the day. So maybe we can do that. When did we reschedule the call with Bef? Before that, Prabh, we on your side? Uh, yeah, it's fine, actually. The kid had a small. She fell down from the swing at home. I don't. She had been playing on this for quite a long time.