Hey, this is about Kringle. Yeah, um, real quick—so what is the difference in the columns? Is it just the last column that we're writing, you know, CAT as a tag? Let me just share screen. Yeah, let me know if you can see it. I can see it. In fact, I think it's better to work with the story itself. That has a better description to it. Okay, so unified, normalised, stable—I'm trying to create under CAT scenario. Right now, the current table is in standards, right? So I'm trying to ensure across all three, it supports that, right? A single schema. Um, so the plan is that we have this table created, and then these columns: error code, code description, explanation, validation. Wait, I see. You're bringing up a very good point. The current error code table for CASE is in the standard schema. It's not in the CAT standard schema, right? If we're using the CAT rules to run some of these jobs, there's going to be a problem in terms of accessing the standard schema for the CAT site. I'm creating a new table, basically. I think it's not going to take much different effort. Or we have guns in our menu table. No, let's do that. I agree with you. For now, let's create a UAT in the CAT standard. You can just call it like CAT error codes consolidated records, probably. Does it work because it's gonna have CASE as well in future? I'm not sure what was the thinking—why you wanted to put them in the same table. I was assuming you want to have one. Yeah, the thinking was to merge CASE in here as well, but given that right now CASE isn't production and it's in standard, that will require a lot of changes. Um, so CAT stuff, we want to put only on the CAT side. I would call it not consolidated error records. I would call it—I want to just make sure that we add the word CAT before it. So you can do CAT consolidated error codes, but our naming convention should essentially be that the application—so if it's something for CAT specifically or if it's something for PTC, we should just put that abbreviated. So let's call the table CAT consolidated error codes. And to your point, calling it consolidated might make sense because we will also put in validation error codes and internal error codes there as well, right? Exactly, yeah, yeah, true. So let's call it CAT consolidated error codes. And, no reason to create any kind of Python script or anything over here. Just create the table with the data type values, et cetera. And you know, we can literally just drag and drop the CSV that you have into Snowflake. Oh, okay. So keep empty values for the other columns, is it? That's what you're saying? Yeah, for the other columns where we don't have anything to put in, we'll put it as an empty—you can keep it as null. Just to show you how the file I created, this present right now. Is this right? So it is exactly as it is in the document, so it's for consistency.