Hello. So that mapping is critical for defining the number of the product we are thinking of assessing or something else. I mean, that mapping is going to be critical for multiple things, including moving away from FIS. Because once we know how to convert RA to PDCM and PDCM to CAD specification, then we can completely understand how we can do it and FIS completely goes away, right? Okay, I understand. I understand that's the core, actually. It should be like, you know, by my normal grammar skills, actually. So I need to get into the domain like that. There are roots in every scenario that you are working on. Understand the functional flow along with understanding the data, right? Foundationally it will be strong. Then you build technology on top of it. Yeah, it's going to be very, very powerful. Yeah, that's the right approach, right order to it, actually. That's the foundation, yeah, true. Yeah. But there's very good. Yeah, and I have a research thesis thing. So I need to complete what is there with multiple assignments coming in, and my work and AA should be there. So other than that, I did so much research around what would be rightly fitting, and with so many things coming in the market every day, everybody does something with AI. I was trying to say what is the most reliable piece where we can pick up and implement and bring value out. Then I realized that XA is the piece, actually. Now in the narrative, I do every week two kinds of research, actually. I need to finalize my project, actually. So I wanted to see which one. I went into multiple routes and finally I came to the XA piece being, you know, upcoming, and there's a lot of changes, and not many people have gone into it, actually. So there are already a lot of people doing it. JP Magal, they have built something. So this is not an open market there like open source XA concept. So what we do is we go and replace existing rule-based models with AI models. Okay, linear models. But XA is like it'll try to explain what the model does because in regulatory, if I say okay, yeah, you violated something from rule. Yeah, yeah, okay, that makes sense. That's one reason. So this is that part. What it does is the blackbox. FIS built a model where it gives some output from some input. So we didn't know. So what we can do is we can have a simple surrogate model, look at the same data, and try to understand what could have contributed or the significant features. In fact, the analysis with XA could have been a better approach, actually, for it. But though there are 70 models so far with XA, so tools are already available, and that is at least eight or ten of the most generic tools also available. So no, I just wanted to apply it, so it'll give suggestions and make things easy for the compliance person when he just enters the UI. Normally with UI, we can build the capability, but nowadays people go only for chatbots. With chatbots, they don't want to give so much.