To registration. So we were discussing the script and how you normally do error fixes. Yeah, I think we went through the script. Can you send that over? I'll take a quick look at it later. Yeah, I'll send you the script. Let me package that up. But in essence, you understand exactly how some of the corrections and stuff happen, right? Yeah. What I want to try to do is build whatever we discuss into how we envision the data model to look like. Because right now, going back from the error to the CAT record submission is very simple. We just look at the form ROAID. Right, correct. Going back from the CAT submission to PTC, we're going to be doing it based on our data lineage and CAT to PTC mapping using those key fields as drivers. So essentially we should be able to go back to each and everything. Now, how do we tabularize the errors so that it's not like a multitude of different records going in? Okay, one thing I just want to close out. So when you say there is an error and there is a parent order ID and that's what you're fixing, but there are 400 other symptoms that were there—how are all of them automatically fixed? Do you fix only this record and submit it, and then the rest of the 400 would be automatically fixed at the FRA side, or do we need to do something about them? We don't need to do anything about them. FNA will automatically fix them. And the reason this happens is because FRA, on a daily basis once a day, will run their linkage mechanism. That means they will link an order to its prior event or at least try to link it. So in this case, when we were looking at the child MECO event, it was trying to link to its parent. And we know that the parent had an ingest error on it. So the day we submitted, that day we got the error. We got the error on the parent. We got 2142 error code, correct. And then all of the 400 children are also saying, where is my parent? Give me one second. So what you're saying is it runs the linkage every day, and once you fix something, it'll try to fix the old linkage errors automatically. And then how do we know it's fixed from that side? Do we get some feedback back from them? Yeah, we get a feedback file that contains all the outstanding corrections or rejections, linkage issues, or whatever. There is also additionally a portal that we can log into to see what all is left outstanding and what needs clarification. So whatever is fixed, at least it'll give something back, right? That's what I was assuming. It'll give something like, some error is fixed already, right? Not to that extent. That will have to be reconciled by us by taking a look at the outstanding corrections.