I'm familiar with all of this month. If you're working on some of the Hashi stuff for any testing, you can skip the call. You don't need to be on, but if you want to listen in, that's more than welcome. First thing—okay, I am asking. I am listening also. Okay, cool. What I want you guys to do, right, I've sent a link. I want all of you to click that link and try to follow along with me. You don't have to go through each and everything, and I'll tell you what to do and what not to do, but just try to follow along. And as well, if you don't want to be on the call, that's fine. But maybe just stay on the call so you know what group we need to raise changes for when we're doing Snowflake and stuff. Yeah, no, wherever you are is where I want you to be. Okay, cool. So has everyone clicked on that link and is able to see a similar page as mine? Maybe, alternatively, right, so maybe let me share the screen, and then as you say, instruct, I'll keep doing it so that you know, Isha can also follow. I'm okay with that. I'm okay with that. Okay, okay, so let me share a screen. Okay, yeah. Now click that All button on the top left next to Jeffrey's, right? Okay, yeah, should have. Oh yeah, I need to tell you one thing. So my LVD off two seconds in or something like that because this is loading. That's fine. That's fine. Scroll down over here. Yeah, anything? Yes, yeah. Okay, in the filter, can you write the word change? Okay, so see, you don't have access. Manan or Visha, when you type the word change, do you see something? Yeah, no, no. Okay, Manan doesn't have it. Prabhakan doesn't have it. With each of you on your screen, share your screen. Let me see what exact screen stuff is there because I want a list of... Yeah, I just want to make sure. Okay, so let me share the screen. You guys don't have access. That's fine. Okay, go there again. Let me just see and confirm with Isha. And it with it? Yeah, see, you have it. You have it. You see on the bottom there is a subsection called Change. Click on Change, Click New. Okay, now there are four different types of changes. One second, I'm getting a call. So can you just walk through the four different changes and then go ahead and click Normal? Yeah, I got it from here. So yeah, real quick, I'll go over the four different types of tickets. The first one on the top left. So basically, I'll go from the lowest severity to the highest severity. For example, an operational change is any infrastructure change that is accretive, routine in nature, and is covered as part of the standard procedure. So these typically can go into production within 24 hours. You know, an operational change could be like changing a configuration file to have a new endpoint, changing the name of a file, changing the timing of a task. Things that basically are very simple and require minimal testing. And again, the change can...