So maybe we can just do it together. Yeah, let me join. Yeah. Would you like to? Yeah, yeah. Sure. Do you mind? Yeah. Do you mind because you have the screenshot? Do you mind going to the plan? I want to make sure you navigate it as well. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That would be good. I agree with that. Have we pulled the flat? Yeah, I transformed the first section of the PPT into a Jira plan, and it's really the same thing. The only thing added is that I added some commentary to each of those so we could actually understand what we plan to do as part of that activity. Yeah, cat code map. Yeah, it's going to be called Kaplan 2025, and it doesn't tell us... The program that will be will be different. Great. I think the cat that you're looking at is from this controller, the creek at six twenty-five. Is that it? Yeah, I think this is it. Yeah, the hierarchy and the hierarchy, make sure it includes epics and stories. Okay, and then you should be able to expand that second one. There you go. Okay, cool. And then we build on this as we're going through, and we should be able to tag each individual ticket for this sprint if we want to take it, right? And literally, this is the same exact bullet of points that were in just the first section. I didn't get all the bullet points, but this is just the yeah, well, we were able to talk through in about an hour and a half. But yeah, this has taken direction from the earlier discussions. Yeah. So I haven't had a date to each of the individual tickets, just the epic, right? So focusing on Q3 of this year, right, which ends in September. This is what I think we should be able to do. And if we want, we can go back and forth between the slides and this. But you know, what I really want to do is talk through what we're going to do as part of each of these individual tickets. So, yeah, so again, it's exactly the same as what you see here minus one point six, one point seven, one point eight. So starting with ingestion error, ingestion error files into, right? If you want to open that up in a separate tab, that way we don't lose this. All? So super simple. Acceptance criteria: large error files for all systems, error feedback for all systems, any files we want to add to this we can continue to add. Super simple. Some associated with this task won't come in like the backlog and all. So that will be a problem. So what we can look at is we could just use the same thing and clone it in. Yeah. Okay. Okay. And then we can actually like you know, make use of these labels also very well. That also helps so for all the stories we can have like a logic that this label also will put for anything, any ticket which we are creating at the task level, so that these also helps. Okay, that makes sense. Yeah, I think I'm okay with the plan. Let's go through like the activities and the phases and like the deck. Yep. There were like questions and. So keep in mind when we get to one point five, so Jess Air files gets a great static files from source.