Hey, hey. No product. I needed to start something out. Okay, let me shut the screen. Okay, my space. Drinking. Okay, let me show screen home. You can see, right? Yeah, I can see. Yeah, so like you see, all of them. I'm just trying to use some common columns to join between cat and raw table, right? And then a few of them doesn't have quantity and the rest of them have quantity. So that was the day difference mostly, right? Maybe we can start with something, right? So we saw something already, which are Python-based, but let me. I just tried to create with SQL as well, because I decided to do everything individually. So the one I did, the generic script, it worked for some three and it was failing for one. I, although I figured out later why it failed. When I fixed it in SQL, then I really didn't go back to it actually. So we'll discuss that. But so if we see this, the way I do is I'll write to pick up a date within a week and then I filter by the system name and then take a maximum date within the week, which has a better count. Then pick up some orders around 10 from that and then I'll run both these tables, the mino as well as, and then I'll do a join and run the score on this and then final score, the total score based on individual scores calculated. And show the results. So this is tell us series? Can let's see what in the score tell us is I want to see. Sorry, what will be the core score? Is it like the score, right? The total score that you're getting at the end. That is calculating what the correlation between the two fields is like, between the two datasets. It is looking at the timestamp and then the symbol and the quantity. If all are same, right, then it'll be a better score. If there is a difference in timestamp, then your score comes down, right? Or if there is. Okay, okay, so yeah, yeah, no, that makes sense. No, no, obviously you can change it. I mean, yeah. So the score makes sense, right? At the end of it. Okay, for Minos, you've done this, right? Now at the end of this, are we able to see on each entry, whichever one higher, the highest score, how should the population of those four key columns be? So these four key columns that I had mentioned, right? Correct. Can we see what those four key columns are as well, maybe at the end? Yeah, so you see this. I'm saying one is, okay, you have that. Only a score and then those key columns. Okay. And the highest achievable score, I'm guessing, is one. Is it correct? Correct. Okay, let's filter this Minos by mino, by seeing which ones have only a total score of what. I'm going to see only adverse. Okay. If you see on the one in the bar graph, it should show it. I think it should just filter it. That's nice. Okay. I think. Oh, it's not? There'll be something on that side, but it's fine. We can. This allows. No, I don't think so. There's no state far away. There should be right, obviously. It's strange why I can't find it.