And you're either in the New Jersey or London office. Please go to the conference rooms. I think it's much better to be with your colleagues next to each other if you can. Let's talk about us today and our corporate town hall. This is our year-end town hall.

Just to introduce myself, I'm Bob Gregorio. Some of you may know me, some of you may not. I've been here at Jeffries for 16 plus years. I came here and started out in fixed income, where we had only two people globally running the fixed income business on Bloomberg. After clearing away from the firm and just becoming a primary dealer, I was essentially able to grow that group over my tenure to about 198 people globally and expand the business globally within fixed income. The firm was obviously happy with the performance and the things that we did within fixed income. They tapped me on the shoulder and said, "We need to incorporate. Are you willing to come over and transform the organisation?" And I said, "Absolutely." After having a long career in different areas within the firm, I never thought I could feel for a firm like I do at Jeffries. But Jeffries has essentially got into my blood and is part of my DNA now, similar to Merrill Lynch at the time, where I spent about 12 years. But anyway, the bottom line is we're here together. We have to talk about where we're going, how we get there, how we make the things that are possible together, and get that completed and done for the firm.

We're gonna run through the agenda today. We'll start to talk about our people, our projects, and our progress that we've made moving forward for 2025. We'll talk about our strategic priorities and where we need to go into 2026 and beyond. We'll talk about some ways of working and some philosophies and things that I have, and things that I've noticed since being here. I started in March 2022, so it's been about nine months within the group itself. I'll share some observations I've made. We'll have a fireside chat and a lightning round, which I'm a little nervous about. I don't like lightning. And we'll have lots of Q&A and some closing remarks. So let's get started and celebrate some of the progress that we've had in 2025.

Excellent. So I'd like to welcome our new joiners to Jeffries and to our corporate team and to our Jeffries culture. Jason Barkin has joined us. He's part of my management team. Jason, if you can raise your hand. There he is. Jason's heading up our HR technology and transformation area, core technology, partnering with management and HR. He's had 20-plus years of experience at Bank of America and has done a lot within transformation and HR technologies. We look forward to him coming on board and helping us strengthen that area and move us forward within that group.

I'd like to welcome Shiva, part of our ops technology group under Anil. Shiva comes to us from Morgan Stanley.