Any kind of additional testing, there's coverage across the team. And it'll be very close anyway, my guidance is happening in production, right? So, yeah. So, right, I just wanted to understand the design approach here. So, like, it's like this, right? So let's say we create a view. I'm planning for doing semantic view, but let's assume a normal view, right? You might have seen the view in the concern. So I'll have just my screen, so we have a reference of what we have. So, yeah, I think you guys already caught up, so I want to do a little background. Yeah, so this is the view, for example, right? And we know that in the back end, I will basically create a SQL view, right? And then that view will try to join, maybe pick up the RA or the base event, maybe even the raw zone, and do a left join with every other table. And then, you know, it filters for a given day range, okay? So by default, we'll give for the current business date or the user can go and change the date range in the UI, so it'll pull up all the orders from the RA for the particular date range and then do a left outer join to all the rest of the table. Since assume every piece here is in a different table. And it's possible that the given point in time order wouldn't have flown through the complete stages, so the rest of them also as pending, and whatever has already been there, they just show the status and the corresponding attribute from the table. So is that the model? Yes. There is a view, right? And then that view would be mostly semantic view, but now, let's assume a simple SQL view itself. Would that also, in this case, you know, we'll have tables like every zone, basically every stage. We have raw, standard, curated, and validation, then acknowledgement, and then we'll have error and feedback, basically. So when I say feedback, I mean the error, whatever coming back from error is the feedback, but whatever we get, what we call right now as feedback is basically acknowledgement, that it's received, right? Correct. Correct. Right now, it'll be an acknowledgement like received from a feedback perspective, yes. So that means it's essentially been submitted, right? Yeah. So we have a few pieces that are going to be moving around over here, right? And just want to colour out one pitfall in that is a view will have its own thing, in the sense that maybe we'll have a materialized view in that way so far, but given business date, every day, somebody clicks the first time it may be slow, but after that it might be available for the other users. Else we need to build their whole view in some kind of nested view storage where we put that in a separate ETL job, like every day. But this is a problem again, right? On demand, we need to be able to pull the dynamic data, which means we...