You know, all our rules are also their mentions—what rules we apply and every rule code we apply to have that data we have. Now the data goes out to Fin. We get a response. We will either get an error or we won't get an error. If I don't get an error, I think it's a successful submission, you know, unless it's a validation error, which is different. If it's not a validation error, everything else is good. Okay, we are good. If we got feedback, then I got an error code. Like, I think if you remember this, it's literally a submission with just two extra colons, right? That's the big day, you know, that is how it is.

All right? Yeah. So that is how we show the data to the user. If I am the user, I want to see my submissions today. I can see what happened, whether all my submissions passed validation. I can see how many were excluded, how many were included. And then I will see how many were successful, how many were errors.

Okay. All right. From my user point of view, when I log into a system, that's the first thing I want to see. Then I can also put in and see all the record levels. You don't want to go one summary—one is record level information. If I want to drill around into a book, now every stage, you know, we will have other displays or we can even look at a message which was going out. We can have some kind of highlighting, click on it, and let me know the event. Based on a couple of things, I can go and fetch the data and display it straight on the UI.

Now, when I have to do corrections and I got an error, I want to do corrections. I should have another tab which will show me all the records I failed and what is the error. I want to do a correction. I can do a bulk select and say reprocess. When I say reprocessing, it was just something that was wrong in my data. I kind of have to correct the data. And I will just say reprocess, and it will just recreate another entry of my submissions, because I already have submission data of what was submitted finally. I create another version two of my submission and send it off.

Right? Yeah. Okay. Yeah, sorry. That's exactly the reason. So the current validation ahead. No, no. But you are now, and the decision that I'm talking from my user high-level function. Sorry, sorry. Now, you know, how he implements this behind the scenes—if you think we need kind of a JSON structure to display and go in, where we have, if I click, if I check something, if I send something out, two days, no click, I pull something or thing and I want to use JSON in between, which is completely fine. But we need to understand why you are trying to do this together, you know, why that is needed, because the error should not be my three. My key should be my trade and the code that was submitted. From the record, I will see whether it was successful or not. Okay, not successful, then I should associate and do appropriate action.