The amount of questions Ajeet went back and forth with me—it's not like I just entered and said okay, we're going to do it now. Yeah. No, I think I enjoy that. In general, I think people get a little sensitive about certain things, but it's fine. Yeah, I think it's because people have this idea that if you ask questions, you're kind of proposing that you might be able to do it or something like that. I don't know how people think, but anyway, we can park that. Okay, so I think why I wanted this call was to go through that one flight that we're putting together, right, on our plan for this SOW. Because I'm still not able to visualize and make sure the team has agreement on what we're tracking towards for the end of this year, right? At least let's start with what we're tracking towards for this year. Maran, if you don't mind bringing up that slide, right, we can do a working session to quickly put that together if required. Yeah, I understand there's some delay with 605606, right? Is it from our side or does something depend on FS? I can catch up later so as not to diverge from this discussion. No, I was just discussing things you were talking about a moment before, so I just wanted to understand that, but I'll do that later instead. Yeah, I can catch you apart on the scrum propagation. Yes, I will. Do you have a view of the slide with a left-to-right kind of view, Manan? Like Q3, what are you going to do, Q4 what we're going to do? Okay, let's just pull up an Excel and let's do it quickly, right? Just open up a new Confluence because Prabhakran had put something together. There's one swimlane thing, right? Probably if it needs some edition, we can do that, but there is one swimlane image. I'll just ping you that. If not, I'll ping you the link actually. Yeah, I think Prabhakran and you also put something on Confluence together with some of the details we wanted. Can you open that link? Yeah, I pinged you a link now. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I think it was an image. I pinged you one more. Scroll down to the end. If we need to make changes, we can do that again. Yeah, deployment remains, but I'm not sure who we are. I think one thing, at least for Arjun's background, is that this only takes into account some of the error correction pieces, like the newest SOW piece. Got it. Okay, okay, I think there's more or less alignment at least where I want to go, right? Like high-level, we need to be able to show something like this: for error correction, Q3 is what we plan to do, Q4 is what we want to do. And we should tie it back to everything we're committed to in that original spreadsheet, right? Because exactly those are the questions that will come, like what Aditya asked yesterday, right? Like another whole reason we want to put that one slide, which is strong, is to prevent those kind of questions.