So, um, I guess because I'm enjoying this, in a couple of minutes... We just wanted to bring everyone together. Yesterday afternoon, we had a brief discussion on the CDMDRR reporting, right? And we just wanted to read a little more into it and see if there are any ideas that we can come up with during this call and come up with a structure. Um, so someone has already put together a presentation. So if you want to start presenting that, feel free. And then we can take a look at it and see if we want to put something more in, add, remove, um, check on the feasibility of this and see if it's actually feasible. What I was thinking is maybe a few of us can look into the feasibility and one or two of us can look at why it's not feasible or what are the cons for this. So that we have a balance of pros and cons and we can also put that into our presentation. But we do want to come up with a good structure for it. And I should also mention that Agatha and either you guys can work on doing a use case for CFTC. So do you have any input for that? Um, since I started looking into the country, not specifically from the safety reporting perspective, but overall how the seeding to India works. So I think once in a day or two, when I get a thorough understanding of the whole model and the way they execute, implement, and how the other financial institutions who have already implemented that have been using SOFA, I think that would give us a good insight. And based on that, then we can come up with some use cases. Because as far as I know, it is primarily developed for scientist reporting. So everything that they talk about would definitely be applicable for all that we report for safety. Um, so I don't think we need to come up with specific use cases, but to give an example or to provide an in-depth inside of any particular scenario, we can definitely come up with that. Honestly, as of now, I don't have anything in mind to talk about right away. Okay, that's okay. I mean, we just got told about this like a day or two ago, right? Um, what we can do is... One question, though, Chris. How did this presentation come through? Is it like we have provided content to some LLM, ChatGPT, and this take is presented? Okay, I did it in that fashion. So that put that together. So if you want to share your screen and just show the presentation as well and explain to us what you have there, just walk us through. Give me a second, my laptop is rebooting. Oh, I can share it in that chat. I can share. Yeah, sure, yeah. So, Swadesha, the presentation is just basically a summary of that global poster show that was shared. It's nothing special, just summarizing it, walking through, would see the MLDR, what are the differences, what's the current approach, what's the future state looking like, what are the benefits, and then that's pretty much it.