Good morning. Hey, sir. Am I on? Yes. There you are. How are you doing? Let me start. So on this net data, firstly, I have raised the PR for the tables and insert queries that was approved as well. I was testing out the main script on the server that Kishle shared with me. So today, most probably I'll be raising the PR for that as well. I'll update the comment. Don't worry, I'll update that if you need. Yeah, so this one—at the end—yes, I'll be raising the next PR for this. I have created two branches. One PR I have raised and that is approved as well. The second one I will raise today. Am I audible? Yeah, yeah. So the one here—I think it's just a label. I think we can complete that outlets reject suppressions, right. We can mark it as complete. That one is done. Okay, integration. Yeah, so we got the mail from Nikita today itself. So we'll be testing that out today. The things she shared with us. Yeah, she just sent it today. I wanted to ask about both the file inputs and then file outputs as well. Yeah, we can start with the onboard, but let's try to integrate it. It has pretty much all of the onboarding scripts. So we can try just like one, maybe the next one is a good one to try. Yeah, the theme pattern will just follow. Alright, correct. Okay, I'll test it out today. I'll just check her email and follow the steps. Yeah, and then I'll just pick to add to it as well and see if there's anything that we need to keep track of, keep account of before the change. Yeah, we just need to check the config space as she mentioned last time. I just need to go through once again. I'll check that and then I'll start looking at how we can go through all things. Perfect. Yeah, so that's all for these two tickets for now. Thank you. Regarding this ticket—is this the same ticket we had tested for the multi-leg event, the changes that were moved? How the quantity was populated and all? We don't need to follow up. I think Raft has already followed up and given them confirmation. Okay, so I want to understand—is this the same like what was resolved? Let me just say this is the same ticket, exactly. That's the real take right now. So you can attach David Martinez's email or Raft's response to it. And then we should close it out after they push it to Prod, though. So we shouldn't close it just yet. No, okay. And then you think that one we should move to the backlog, right? Yeah, we should. Now I think we should take a look and change it a little bit more because one of the inquiries is related to this, right. So I think we should just take this one. This is PHT1, exactly. Yes, good. A good error correction raise a few.