Hey, good morning, everyone. Hey, Manand, do you have an hour block after scrum where you and I can just talk and catch up? Okay, awesome. No worries. I know Kris was talking with you yesterday at length. I missed a call yesterday, but I know you guys were discussing the submission summary and the error summary page. He gave me a timeline yesterday like something about once we want to have the MVP, the minimum viable product. We had a discussion, actually. Yeah, we had a discussion. We just need to really form that up and clarify what the immediate delivery we need to make is. But yeah, we had a discussion, right? So we wanted to clarify a bit about the tracking ID piece, the form ID piece we were discussing. I need to really build some examples for that and show it. So we initially planned to create a story to do a POC to verify if we could correlate the form. Yeah, so that's something. And again, we also had a thought that if you look at a single form ID which is generated by FIS, we have many such IDs at the PTC level. So we need to probably have one-to-many mapping into that. Those are things we've been discussing yesterday, so we just need to have a few samples ready for that. Once that gets started, I was also looking at the rig API repository and how we create a new API and stuff. So once we iron out this piece, we can go out and complete that process. Okay, yeah, no worries. I just wanted to get a little bit of recap to see where I can fit in and jump in and help out because I know yesterday you guys had a pretty nice discussion and I missed that unfortunately. But we'll see if we can find some time today. Do you have anything on your calendar with Kris today? Nothing yet, but I think it's worth it. I'll put something. So we should catch up. Okay, maybe after this call, if it works, or maybe in a while. Right after scrum, I want to catch up with you. Maybe after that, after the ES call, I have one fifth in a call and then after that I should be free. Okay. I think if we have another call at 11:30 as well, so maybe a 30-minute one either at four or. The error correction weekly huddle is around that topic. So we need to extend that for more time, which is continuing the conversation there. Makes sense, yeah. Okay, happy Diwali. Okay, guys, so we'll take your tickets first. No. And then if Risha is joining, we'll discuss Risha. Risha can discuss my ticket after this. Okay. So for the migration, I think, Mom, I spoke with Bella. We've made some changes on their side. It's going to be three. One is going to be Q and then the other is going to be. Dev is basically going to be local, so it's not like a production.