I can hear you now. I was not chosen to format how it should be or how much time we should plan for discussing. Actually, a maximum of 10 minutes will be sufficient for the film. Okay, sir. I'm planning to conduct research and this project. Okay, so that's the synopsis. It's not foolproof where we'll discuss for an hour. Just 10 minutes will be sufficient, and if there are any questions, they can be asked at the end. How does that sound? Let me share the project document I sent you. I've been sending multiple versions, so let me just pull up the screen. This idea is very interesting. I find it quite compelling. Okay, so thank you. Let me explain because many times when we look at projects and similar things, they tend to be very generic in nature—similar kinds of things that many students do. But this is different. This feels like something new. So thank you. I also wanted to work on a project where I could really apply this somewhere. I'm trying to fit something to address a problem that people were seeing. Although I haven't brought it to my client yet, I'm working on client data on a Snowflake environment. The way it's set up with data protection, they provide me with one small instance that I can use to run queries on. It's a small instance with just a few CPUs and GB of memory. I wanted to try to get the full chunk of data. There are around 66 error codes in total. I'm looking at only a subsection, which is 61 codes, but even then, I couldn't get all the required data for the whole subset because of the trillions of records involved. It goes into the multi-terabyte range, and the small instance I have in production couldn't pull that. But yesterday, I realized that I could have taken the data in multiple chunks, part by part, and then consolidated it into a big Excel file to run my model. For now, I've tried working with only one week of data, which was about 20,000 records covering around 29 error codes out of 61. I just wanted to start with a small set. Basically, would you share the query list? I mean, are there items in the file that would have some list? Okay, I need to have some list. You can see my Excel file. I also shared it in the presentation. It's okay, but just share with me the shoe files so you can see my screen, sir. Is it visible right now? No, it's not visible right now. Oh, okay. I see someone here to send something and stop something, but the screen is not visible. Oh, okay, thank you. So the courses are publicly available, sir. These are a different set. Can you see my screen now? Yes, yes. So this is file integrity-related errors in the range of thousands.