Good evening. How was the day? Hey, sorry. Good evening, man. How is the day going? Yeah, I think I had back-to-back calls today. We actually spent some time on 605, 6, 6. Yeah, but I'm excited for the weekend. Are you done with the project? No, it's next week, actually. I asked for an extension. I couldn't complete it, so I'll do it next week. Oh, nice. Do you usually sleep this late, or has your routine changed after joining? Yes, after joining it changed. So it must be difficult for you. Yeah, my first eight years of career while I was working for Francisco, there was no time bound. Sometimes I worked till morning and all that. Then I realized it's not going to scale well. So since then, around 2014 onwards, it's completely changed. I never stayed late. Now I started again. Yeah, I think initially you can actually like, I think we are pretty flexible. Yeah, yeah. No, once things are fine, once we have things and there is momentum, then it should be fine. We will be able to manage. Yeah, we have a normal way to communicate. You know, there will be stakeholders who will see, okay, things are really moving. There is nothing they really need to worry about. Yes, they get the confidence and we can easily communicate. They get the confidence and the team also becomes more confident. When we achieve a few outcomes, like once we do a few releases, I think the team will also be more confident. Yeah, yeah. It is true. It takes time, man. It takes time. I put to join this call, right? He's supposed to join the call. Maybe he's busy with other priority items. This might be a minor one. Yeah, I think Kisa and D are on the same call. I think they are on a call with more draft. Okay, again, on that, you know those IHS reports and normally they actually have made clear that they won't be able to do anything. That is very strange. They are in a bad situation now then. Yeah, but you know, they got bought by ST Global. I actually don't understand why they are in a bad situation. Hmm, that's right. What is it? Maybe the contracts didn't go well with these folks and then... I think they were only reading. I mean, they paid out 44 billion for the acquisition. Yeah, yeah. They have money. The thing is that they are trying to increase the license cost and the renewal license and all. Maybe our folks wouldn't have accepted this, you know, the unreasonable increase. That's how it goes. Whenever a new guy buys, for example, in Morgan Stanley, we were working with a vendor product called Smart. Actually, it's not Smart, it's called Digital Listing for EOM surveillance. And once Smart bought that, they increased the price. The way they do it is they create a lot of situations where there is no other way than paying the money. So these guys raised so much from some million to some more million, four times more. They're telling these specific issues.