Okay, Emily, Arjun is going to join now. Sorry, Jit is going to join. He said he's going to be five minutes late because of train delays. Can we talk through six of his updates until then? Do you want me to explain both, or should I go ahead? I can go ahead. We spoke about it with Jit yesterday too. So in July's report, there are essentially two items that FIS is not including on their side, but I just include it on their side. These two, at least this morning, we've gotten confirmation from FIS that they're not held. So they were not included within FIS's report. We do see those as not held at least on our side. So maybe it's a question for IHS as to why they included it on their end.

For six or five? Yeah, probably some of these. Like when we notice differences between IHS and we know what the differences are, shouldn't we simply just stick to what compliance wants us to report? Because if they agree that the logic FIS is using is correct, that's settled, right? Because if we keep going back and forth with IHS, it may become a more difficult thing to manage for us.

Yeah, that makes sense, right? At least on this specific one, yes, because this one seems to be more in line with the reporting regulations than what IHS has currently. We just need Susie Raff to take a look and sign off that FIS looks more correct. Same way on the 606 side as well. The main thing we found out is everything that IHS is currently marking in the 606A equities—S&P 500 and non-S&P 500—corresponds to flow that we're sending them marked as not held and non-directed. Whereas 606A should be held and non-directed. We were able to do this by taking a look at the underlying data that gets supplied to IHS itself. We're waiting on Raff to confirm that IHS is incorrect and FIS is correct.

Yeah, okay. I think as long as we document and get confirmation, like we were speaking earlier, we get confirmation from Raff. So we need to close that item because we already know these differences exist for a reason. I don't think we need to do anything further as long as it's been signed off.

Yeah, I think we wanted to take a look at the underlying data. From last week, we wanted to examine why certain records are being included and why there's such a discrepancy between the equities portion of 606A and 606, specifically FIS versus IHS on the equity side. Taking a look at the underlying data, it doesn't seem to match with what the regulation is asking for or what IHS is reporting on their side. So if you get confirmation there, then we can proceed.