Okay, I can hear you. I know somebody was talking, but there was some background noise. I hear you fine now. Can you see my screen? Yeah, I can see it. It probably needs some low-level design work as a head, but I just wanted to show you what I was thinking for this whole solution, right? I just want to go through that in detail and then show my data model—what are the different entities involved and how they're related. The core entities, at least. It's not covering the whole system, actually. We might have some other reference data that we need to join with. And then this is for the core pipeline—how do we join this to make the core data entity we need? So these three things are what I'm planning to discuss, and then based on whatever questions we have, I'll go ahead and create separate pages to zoom in on each small part of it, right? So that's how I was thinking about this discussion. What I want to do is walk through some examples—I think we have some Excel sheets, right? I want to be able to put it in an Excel sheet, but what I really want to do is walk through one complete example end-to-end, one or two use cases that Manan mentioned, and just see how that would look like in this idealized execution. With that, I'll let you start, and then we can progress further. I also have this query that I tried to run as a basic check in terms of joining HBase records, connecting errors to the PTC records. I'll discuss that briefly as well. So here's the flow: if we have PTC records here, the regular flow is we have FAS jobs that pick it up, and then we have a CAT, and then we report to them. There's a preprocessing stage and then the actual processing stage where it either rejects or asks us for correction. It reports those kinds of errors here, and then we take up the error record and connect it with the CAT event and then the PTC event. We have to enrich it, sort of build the aggregate error, and we put it in storage in that aggregate state. That's where it's rendered via the API to the UI. And this base model we work on—we read and show the whole events related to the error. Or there will be cases where an error will have only one event. Sorry, I think the voice is breaking on my side. Let me connect on Zoom, maybe. Wait, I don't know what's happening. Okay, what I'm saying—or we can go to the meeting in full. Hello? Hello? That's great. Okay, let's use this context. This is fine.