No, see, we did UAT, but I'm not sure where that's from or what? Yeah, so that is definitely from Prod. I know that because I know the net server. What's the concern? We are storing credentials here. I mean, what are these files? Are these files checked into some repo? I saw the mail from Aditya, and I see there's a password here—read encoded password. Correct. I just saw that too. I think in Prod, for most of the pieces, Prabhakaran, we're using Fernet to obfuscate the password. And in some cases, we've removed the whole Oracle dependency on our side so that those credentials aren't even there. But we should do a review on our side and check any scripts that have open-ended passwords present within it, whether it's to a database or to any kind of account. Currently, what we're doing is we're using Fernet, which is a cryptography library. Okay, at least Fernet is fine, yeah. Makes sense. Yeah, so still I think that will be reported. Fernet, even if we store encrypted password, would also be reported. They would suggest using some sort of token-based authentication. Yeah, so I've spoken with Aljit on this. I think the token-based authentication that we use, at least for some of the API-related stuff, is HashiCorp. Okay. But I think HashiCorp integration for a lot of these—a lot of these are just service accounts that we have. These are on-premises service accounts. They're not in AWS, are they? Or are they on-prem? They're on-prem. They're not in AWS. That's the problem. Okay, I understand. Got it. Which table from the custom exec table, okay. Let me query that and see. Yeah, we just started. Let me see what's exactly going on with the columns. At least for a testing perspective, right, you can comment it out. Okay, you comment it. Like we don't use the exec table. Commenting the column is easy. Actually, don't comment the column. Otherwise some data will go into the wrong columns. One more thing: the next script into this script currently is for US. It's to put all of the nets US data into the database tables. I'm going to give you another table, another database server, which has nets APAC data. So it has all Asia-Pacific trade, orders, and everything. We need to unload that also. AWS may be four and everything already. But we're not currently pulling data, and I don't think all the tables are set up also. So we need to do a process where at least initially we can try to load in one day's worth of data. Let's finish the US testing first. Let's finish that up. And then I want to sync up with you, go through the columns that are there on the Apex side, see what table updates we need to make or what tables we need to create, and how we need to change the pipelines or do anything on AWS to set up some of the onboarding.