Yeah, I saw JDS is already implementing some kind of AI for the search screen, right? Like how the search screen for CAT works. They're using an AI plus bot where you can say, okay, can you show me all the order linkages for some order ID? That's interesting. I think that's the AI thing they are trying to use. So they try to talk to the gen AI. If we can give that, let's say in our CAT UI, like all the searches right now are very traditional searches, right? You do a search. And even for the user, it's not that easy, right? Like they will not know what they're missing. So instead, if they can vary in some basic English language and it starts to give them results, even that makes it powerful. And these are the kinds of things that we should be able to keep adding or playing around with because that way you're going to increase your technical skill sets as well. True, yeah, absolutely. On that aspect, now I need to choose my elective. GenAI 1 and then Financial Analytics is another one, right? So GenAI, if I'm making a specialization apart from what I do right now, which I showed you some ML models for classification and stuff, maybe I can add a project which could be a chatbot on CAT, which could handle compliance questions. Users just type their normal natural language query, it gets turned into a Snowflake query, and then it gives them the table output kind of thing that we can look at and show. Those are the kinds of things I was thinking. No, ma'am, that's not limited to this exactly, but I was just thinking. I discussed with you when I said there are three phases to it: one is detection and classification of the error, and then explainability of the error, and third is auto-fixing, right? Auto-fixing with counterfactual models. The other two is like having a chatbot which can use LLMs to also propose fixes in chatbot. They can converse. I mean, nowadays I think the platform supports quite a bit. I mean, Jefferies has quite good models, you know? The JA has four different models available to us, and the GitHub Copilot agent also has much improved, actually. So it's pretty fast to make code changes and stuff. So now, as long as we have clarity on the well-defined problem, it's probably pretty easy to do things like that. So in fact, I want all of you guys and the team to start thinking about it, right? Like anytime, that is one thing I'm still asking every single time, but I don't know if it's translated into day-to-day work. Yeah, yeah, actually. Issue, right? You know, I want the team to constantly think about: okay, why did this issue come up? Understand the workflow, right? Like only then are you going to solve the issue. A lot of things I get disappointed about when people say some MS changed it, so it broke us.