Hey folks. Many who are, uh, Joe, items in a request for CC update for duty. So most of working here, but what about pending a woman's career? Okay, no, we can make sure that by Wednesday it's out. Yeah, or Raj, Manan, Kuch, error connection, can you be? Yeah, well, as like a side activity, I think everyone should be doing. So I think it would be at least once a day if you guys can sync up, just, you know, cross reference the notes. Jobi Applog, whatever you guys are finding out, you can put in the email chain directly and then if there's any... I love that type. Hello? Hello? Oh, yes. A lot of background. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, uh, sorry about that. Yeah, I believe him. He's trying it. Okay. I think I should do it now. Yes, there you go. Bye. I might let me hear my screen, sorry. Right, guys. So firstly, I think 605, 606 A. I think the last episode was there were a few venues, right? Or few, like for a particular date. Yeah, I think with you sure, with you sure you can cover that. I think I created a ticket for it separately. This material effect, no, no, this is also. Dual aspect also I created a new ticket. So basically, Manan to 606 A, we are still looking at it, but we have a call today and we will discuss about it. So I'll update the ticket afterwards. Oh, or laptop. I have, I can't see the ticket, but then no, I mean, if you can see one another. I have to throw on a ticket and create a new one. Okay. All it. Then we play on the increase, like these are the 2 inquiries, right? Nothing else, or do we have anything else? Correct. Now it's only just like follow-ups and stuff that come in. If anything to the inquiries. So, yeah. And MRNA, I think they are gonna pick it up, right? Yeah, I think that he went out with them on Wednesday. Um, actually, no, they didn't confirm that, uh, that it was. Sorry, what is it? They didn't confirm the MRNAP, so we can keep that on. But they did release some stuff with the MEOM on Wiser, as well as I think one more fix on their side that I'm forgetting. But David Martinez did confirm, I think, yesterday that there is going to be out with their release today. So we should do some checkouts on, I think, like yesterday's data. Okay, now, uh, for the errors, you know, this is how I'm tracking, like this, so this is a needing convention. Also, what I'm doing is like the airport. Uh, the system, and then, you know, little description about what is happening. So in future, if, for example, there are similar events, like they just have to, you know, tighten these words. And I've labelled them also correctly, right? So, say, for example, there is a the error of an MEM match record. So, and the system is also wrapped up. So, like, who to approach, what happens, who to call, who to play, everything is mentioned in this matches. So anybody wants to, like, review data stuff to open this. Okay. Okay. No, uh, I think I like the format that we're using.