Hey, man. Yeah, perfect. Once I implement that, I'll just go and check. You can say all these 605, 6, or 60 tickets are updated. Just a quick update on this T plus one and com summary. We still haven't received the final sign-off. I'd say it's like signed off, right? We've told Malt about both of them and he can go ahead and start using it. We've checked on our end, and all of the data and everything is present. I put both of those in pending release. Once we have something written from Mort like an approval or email, I'll attach that and mark it done. Or should I mark it as done right now? I think you can mark it as done given that it's been released completely. If Mort finds an issue separately, then we take it off as a separate ticket. But from our standpoint, the release is complete. And about the website also, I think Vidisha has forwarded the required emails and I think they will proceed with whatever the next process is. That should also be done. I agree. Even Susie has updated the internal website, so that's also done. I'm just seeing Real Tech is giving us some issues, but we can cover that as we go. Inquiries, I think this is the millisecond inquiry and this is the CND thing wherein no special instructions were given. Well, that we should discuss. Yeah, that one we should discuss with Andrew. Andrew will be able to provide the insight. Then this ticket I've created. I don't think on the other correction we have open pieces. The DFI and cast language was completed. That was completed, correct? Once it can be closed out your ticket. Okay, and this the MUMR missing? I think I did send a correction also. I created a different record also. I think this is also done. Yeah, let's just make sure the correction records also get attached into the ticket so that we have audit. Yes, it is there. Then I think these three right now, MRNA Chap Linkage, they were supposed to pick it up after by the right. Yeah, we haven't heard. We haven't gotten any breaks, but we haven't heard from Real Tech as well. I think we should close this out, at least indicating that the breaks are essentially not occurring anymore, but still pending RCA from Real Tech, for which we will open a separate ticket once information is provided because this has been open for so long and we're not getting any traction from Real Tech. So now currently we have these, and I think the IESE one also, I have sent you the corrections. Once you verify that also, we can submit. Then JFC Turtle is pending, JFPTV spending the BTV. I will look at that. I just sent an email on and city also.