Hey, good. Sorry, I'm just reading your message. Give me a second. So, one thing, right? I was for a long time thinking, for cats alone, I'm not really relying on instance and looking at source instance to load the feed, and using that date to, you know, instance ideas to join the stuff. But again, now we are adding corrections also in the same way, right? Not relying on source instance IDs and all to pull the right records. So I'm just wondering if there would be a possibility—if there is a delay in the feeds or any other thing—should not, you know, show that okay, there is no corresponding matching cat events present for the PTC kind of thing. Hold on. Okay, so is the Gatsby being delayed? It's mostly going to happen in production, but it's mostly going to be less of a delay in terms of providing the caffeine. But more of a delay in terms of making sure that they're onboarded correctly. It's more of an API calling the onboard process that might delay some stuff because that is the process that's happening sometime in the afternoon and stuff. More than anything, I think I need to just get Mumta to add a little bit more controls in the actual cat feed onboarding process. Okay, because those are the most important. Even Manan has also seen where cat is essentially not present for the specific day or was loaded late, so the prop ran later. We can just get out of that by making sure—what is it? Whenever the task dependencies are right. Yeah, we can just set up a stream on our side. Right now the task is just figuring based off a time dependency, right? We just need to add a stream so that's our like, either a submission from New York or an errors proc—both of them are essentially running when it knows that all of the files have been received. And if it's not been received, then regulatory support will just send a communication out in terms of what they need to do or it is easy for us to check it. So one more thing, you just wanted to write. But that we can—yeah, see that we have complete control over it. We can make sure our products run when we know that if there are, like, terrifiles that we're getting on a daily basis, if there are PTC files and on top of that, if there are actually catapults that we're getting on a daily basis, and we need all of those three to make sure that our collection project corrections UI proc runs. Then we set a pushing to make sure that it doesn't run without it. Yeah, so the only thing is that it's not consistent, I'm saying, right? So based on different ways, PTC and errors are based on source instance. Cat is assuming okay, it's there and we go directly by the business date. Similarly, based on source, when you say it's based on source instance, do you mean just the way that our submission somebody broke and our error collections proc picks it up? Yeah, the subm...