Hey, sorry, let me start. I didn't send the team meeting invite, right? So I didn't enable that. I think you guys will try to figure out what was happening there. Yes, so we can add whoever is remaining. Kisler is remaining. We can add him. I can invite... Kissley's out of office. Okay, yeah, sort of out of office, unfortunately. Hey, thanks for connecting on this. Actually, I'm not sure how much time you guys have. Let's try to move along a bit, and then probably we can catch up and chat. But first of all, I also want to catch up regularly. I don't know what time and cadence works out for you folks with all the many initiatives happening. But at least initially, we want to be frequent. Eventually, once we have something stable, we can space it out a bit. Okay, so what times and days work for you folks? We can coordinate because the client-side work could be crazy sometimes. We have this group where you can just drop a message and I can see it and make a decision. Makes sense. Okay, let's do that. Yeah, so it's not very easy like we think. For sure. Yeah, because his source is working, I think, with Jeffries. I'm working at Noona. Eventually we'll both be working at Coinbase also, but for now I don't know about Jesus' availability. Okay, it's fine. Let me just start. So given that Rahul was telling us we need to have synergy across the initiatives we have, right? We have to build things in such a way that we can use whatever we do across these projects. That's a high-level goal. So I just want to come up with reserves. I think you probably have a lot more experience than us actually in terms of coming up with some sort of lightweight standards. So whatever we do can be used across different folks, like at least a quick bootstrapping kind of thing. Yeah, I saw the demo you did the other day. I think we had interacted even before with your work. Is it only you or a few other folks working on this? Like the e-com surveillance presentation also that you did, I guess, right? So maybe if you can walk us through how that was built, the journey of it, how it started, how it evolved, and what different things you guys did. Then based on your experience, what worked out and what shouldn't we focus on as much? Just how you did it. And how while expanding, just think in terms of how you'd make someone else do it or if someone else does it, how you'd be able to see it. Like let's say there are two other folks working on it at the same time. How do you expect them to collaborate?