We will definitely get that out today. We should set the time as 11:30 as the start time and 5 PM EST as the end time. In the task as well, I will give you the exact steps and jobs that they need to update. I'll help you with the task description. If you can fill out everything else, just make sure there is one task for Technology Ops, and then we should be good.

Yeah, so the chambers can sync up for 11:30. Regarding the validation changes you mentioned from a validation perspective, just to make sure that the validation status column and everything are aligned - yeah, we can accommodate that as well. That makes sense. We'll just update it on the actual XM.

Okay, I'll do that and keep it ready. Yeah, perfect. Belisha, are you in the office today? I think you're still on mute. Hello, can you hear me? Yeah, I can hear you. I think you're still on mute. Okay, I'll handle things separately. There is some stuff on the CAT side that I need help with from Disha, and I've also invited you to a call later. I'll speak to her actually. I don't know if she's on.

So, what will they ask us in the PM call? Actually, I forgot. Yes, so today, likely they will not ask us anything because if Kalkana has approved, that means she has reviewed it and made sure that it's good. All we need to do is enter the call and make sure that when she's sharing her screen and the attachments, all changes are there. You will see your name on them on the person call, whatever changes you made, you'll see your change number. The status column should be marked as approved. If it's marked as approved, then Kalkana will have no further questions. If it is not approved, let's say in this instance it was not approved, then we would have to stay on the call to see what concerns Kalkana has.

Okay, got it. Yeah, so mostly the RCM college should be very quick because we should just make sure that our changes are essentially approved. Yeah. That's it, and then we'll post the change. I'll think of that with you and we'll create those two GR tickets that I was talking about yesterday. With regards to what is it... with the guys. I'm sorry? Okay, sorry, I think I remembered - you were talking about the two unique ones as well, one for the rest is for implementation. Yes, that one, and then some of the changes on the net set that you want to make, right? Yeah, on the US part. On the US part. Yeah. Okay, I think we can think of one of that later.

What else do I have? So these four epics are about to discuss, right? Like the new design and stuff, right? So we need to plan for when soon we need to start on that. Probably once I put some sort of documentation and everything together.