Siri, just give me a second. You are unmuted. Thank you. Yep, I'm back. How's everybody doing? He isn't. Good morning. Hey, good morning. Um, are we expecting virtual attendees? Did somebody reach out to them? Let me just pick him up. All right, let's go ahead and get started though. Um, so Siddharth, are you on? Yes, I am. Hey, don't worry, man. Um, so I don't remember if we had a chance to cover the GitHub project together, did we? Let's see if I can find it. Projects, AWS cloud infrastructure. So here's the roadmap. Let's group this by priority. There we go. Okay. Um, so I don't think we've actually had a chance to go over this together, you and I, have we, Siddharth? No, we haven't. Okay, cool. Um, so just to keep it brief, it's basically all the work that we've been doing over the last couple of weeks on AWS. I've just put it on an actual GitHub board, right? It's just a GitHub ticket board. And so I wanted to see where we were on each of these initiatives. I know we've been tracking them unofficially, right? Just sort of off the top of our heads, doing the best that we can. The reason I have Probokran, Swagatika, and Adit on the line is that they want to jump in and help us out. Probokran has been putting some thoughts around the design aspects of it, and he can jump into that when we get to it. Adit wants to help us get the cloud native solution up and running so that he can use CloudFormation as a proof of concept that he can actually host on the cloud. So that's why we've invited these folks. They want to help us out with this initiative. Um, but yeah, let me just go through some of these tickets and you could tell me where we are with some of them. You know, I'm going to skip create AWS accounts, right? That's just pending review. Create IAM root user account. I have already done that. Select RDS session. We've done that. Configure security groups and inbound access. We've done that. Define IAM rules. We've done that. Now, configure EC2 and RDS IAM rules, right? This is really just to make sure that the EC2 and RDS could work together. I'm going to change the timeline on that to be more in line with these, since I think this is happening more in tandem with define database schema. Create EC2 config and install runtime dependencies. Um, so this is, I think, where we are today, right? So really just setting up RDS, setting up EC2, setting up S3. That's where we left off last time to define the schemas and things like that and making the application integrate. And then what we're going to be doing after all of that is done is actually migrating resources. Make 4th or make 8 is migrating containerized or package application deployed back into EC2. Connect application to RDS. Excuse me, migrate data to RDS and deploy UI browser, right? So this is at a really high level, everything that we've been talking about, and I hope that none of this sounds off.