I mean, permanently, I'm joking. No, I need to speak to Steve in the game about what I'm gonna do. You're like, no. Why did these guys come to that? No, no. Good morning. Man, every time this comes up, people just take one name and say if you don't need to speak to the person individually again, I will jump in. Sorry, Kisley, no, I'll be... How many more? Um, no, I'm like... I can't change things. Don't worry, I will change things to attract compliance in time. I know, I know. I just want to make sure about that for sure. Anyway, I'm gonna interact with him on the China stuff, so, um, but let's maybe save some of that for after the call. I just want to make sure we go through the agenda and cover some of the key items on our side. So professionally, let's go. Yes, let's go. Um, so I want to cover just quickly some of the CAU items, right? From an inquiry perspective, nothing new. There is one sub-inquiry that essentially came in where CATTO was taken a look at, but it was not a calculated inquiry. The app identified that certain equity order executions that are tied to options on the JEDO side are missing a handling instruction. So we're working with JEDO essentially to start populating those handling instructions. In regards to any of the other inquiries, we've responded to everything and completed all of the back-digit corrections. The latest one before this was a direct category minisecond inquiry that we got, which is one inquiry that we've gotten multiple times over the years. It's essentially the granularity on milliseconds that we report being zeroed out. We have obviously taken a look at the source over message as well as confirmed that the data is actually correctly represented in these catapults. It's mostly about providing a reasoning as to why this is happening. The majority of this happens in the algos, wherein there are three key factors: market open, market close, as well as a parameter known as the MARIGO start time. Anytime the parent order has an algo end time at the millisecond level, all of the child orders of the algo splits and also have cancellations that would occur within the end time. So we have good reasoning that's been confirmed out by the actual Algo team. We provided this response and it seems pretty satisfactory from a legal perspective, and we haven't heard any follow-ups from Finland. I think we've spoken to legal in terms of just communicating this in a way that we know there are certain instances where these thresholds are above what we might normally expect. But this is in line with the business practices. Okay, I will also go through some of the key production issues and connections that we're essentially doing. JATO has a few duplicate execution entries in their PD.