How many minutes? MER and MECR is the only thing we have. This is a bad example. Why do we have this, right? Okay, actually, you know what? Let's do this. Okay, routed order ID is always populated, even if destination type is N. Let me do one object, one system. No, no, it'll be populated for sure for all the routes. It should be the condition for routes, right? That's what I'm trying to confirm. See, because my whole argument right now is—and that's what I'm trying to confirm—I don't think routed order already needs to be populated for all routes. Oh no, it's fine. It's not always required to be populated for all routes. At least it should not be populated for orders. That's what I want to confirm. It's not always okay to be populated. Okay, yeah, yeah. Orders will never, ever, ever have it populated. That's the only thing I want. Oh sorry. Okay. That's the only thing you want. Okay, correct. So one more condition I added. I just want to share the screen with you again one more time. This is good actually. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. No, I think you understand. And even on cat clouts, it seems everywhere it is going to be populated. So, I mean, it doesn't need to have, but that's a good thing. But I have another question, right? The routes—route orders we have, routes we have, right? Whether routes will have parent order ID. Can you check that as well? I mean, can I assume that they wouldn't have? It would be null for them. Routes will have parent order ID. No, routes will never have parent order ID populated ever. It's not even part of the CAT route specs, so yeah, that'll never be broken. Okay. These are two conditions I use. Now that helped me really—no difference yet between these confusions we had, you know, that's been a confusion from the right from the beginning, I guess. I think with some analysis, they just try to get this, so that seems to be a fine idea. Cool. I think that's the final one. This PR today, so it should be good that we are, you know, solid in terms of the rappers, the basic logic in dates, you know, avoiding duplicates, and then the firm row idea. I mean, we should have only one record, those things, all these stuff are added. So, I'm running for fifteen days to collect the data and then we try to do some analysis on UAT one more time and then we should be good. Yeah, yeah, no. And I just confirmed my suspicion and stuff as well. PTS for whatever reason, we are populating routed order ID, even if it's going to a non-member destination. But if the fact that we're using routed order ID is not going to be populated at the orders level is okay. I think that works and that is consistently going to be the case. So that is correct. Cool. Yeah, that I just wanted to confirm only that part. Good. Thank you. Yeah, I think I worked with Mamta now. The changes are kept in put into the...