Let's go through one simple example, and then we'll reassess from there. Go ahead, you pick the example. Okay, so let's pick a simple example. There was this order which was routed to Visor. So whenever an order is supposed to go to any party, right? If we order around the event, okay. How did you identify this error? Yeah, so I'm getting to that. What happened was, Visor is a new client which we got, right? So we did a lot of testing with UAT and everything. We went through retesting this and constantly interacting with the team. So this was informed to us by the key. The sender ID was missing. By mistake, they had not populated the sender in the ID field. So we would be receiving filter feedback. Hey, I'm sorry, one second. Guys, are you following? Yeah, I'm following. I just want to know who is they—who missed, you're saying, right? Like, is it like? So they are team members. For your reference, let's assume that Finra might have come up with it. So the system must still receive this feedback from us ideally. This was informed to us, but for the system to work, we will receive this feedback from 2091, specifically for center IMA, is it? Yeah, so now what we will do, we will go to the cats. At the moment, my green naturally fruits. So here we see. Correct. Yeah, missing in my list, right? So when they go in the correct format, okay. Now what can be the issue? There would be two issues, right? Either the center ID was wrongly populated, or it was not populated in the right format. Or the third case can be the center ID was not populated at all. Okay, so what we did was we got this error message. We got the T message and then we searched the T. We searched these records. The sender ID was not populated. From this date, okay. When we found that these many records were not populated with the center ID, right? And for all MEO, there would be MEOMR, right? There should be a subsequent route event, right? So what we did, we actually went back to FIS to firstly understand, like, why—what would have been the reason? Did we send it or did we not send it? Now for that, we also had to look at our PTC. So the sequences: you went to error, you saw error code, you came back here, picking up corresponding records for that. And that record, the cat record also doesn't have it. So now you are talking to FAS to find the corresponding route records. Yes.