Okay, so taking it from the top. Once the file is ready to be uploaded, we need to configure a source pattern to make sure that it goes into the same table that Mumta has already created, which right now is UICat connections within the raw. There are a couple of things we need to make sure that the file pattern has. One is, we need the date. What else? I can see one more thing. Yeah, good point. One more thing we need is a sequence number. The reason I say this is, if you're working on some corrections and you submit a file, that should get created with something like 001. Next, if on the same day I come in and create a file, there is something called batch ID, right? There is a column called batch. Is it still there in the table? Can you go back to the table and show it one more time? We created a batch ID just to make sure the user doesn't stand on other stores. This is not something that the user will create. This is something that has to be configured at the API level. That's automatically created. So every Excel import is supposed to create a batch ID. Apart from the same business date, it will differentiate between different users working on different things, right? So they'll have something like a batch ID. But it's fine, yeah, let's see that. We should try to deliver that ID for them. Right now, if you're on the UI and UK can export, it will just come in as the final name will be export one, export two, three, four, seven dot CSV. We need to make sure that instead of going as export dot CSV, something different happens. So UA correction you're talking about. This is a USA change. Yeah, someone is on the UI and when they're not uploading or exporting a file, even if they're doing the correction on UI and hitting the submit button, there has to be some sequential way to log for the day how many files are getting created from a backend perspective. Correct, correct. That makes sense. So we need some kind of sequence number. Let's say this is similar to cat, this is like a six-digit number that is added with zeros and has a one. As soon as any other side comes in, we'll see 2s, 3s, 4s, 5s, and whatever. Okay, so this should be, let's just say, sequence number. When we have the call with Stephen and others, we should be clear in terms of our requirements, right? So if we are saying that any UI-based action taken should create a file, how should that file look like? And what should it look like?