Hey Rebecca, how's it going? Good, so how are you? Okay, doing okay. The order change is going out tomorrow as well. Okay. Anything on your side that we're updating on the Prox? So I synced up with Vidisha as well yesterday. She's making the changes to add that joint to the eligibility table. So I'll work with her on that and do some of the unit test cases and stuff. I would suggest she make it on my branch because my branch has some changes already waiting. Okay, okay. We can do that right now, at least what she's doing, right? She's just using the cat submission status table as kind of her golden source. And then she's doing a join directly on that. So I want her to do a unit test directly joining to the data that's there, just to see if we can get to what updates that need to be made and what columns. Once that is finalized, then we'll see. Then we'll try to join it, either join it into your proc or I'd suggest to her maybe keeping it as a separate process that runs essentially after the submission status table is populated. I see, okay. So what you're saying is we'll use the submission status view to have a join view and stuff, having it in the table itself. So keep it a separate table. Correct. Main thing is, at least from what I'm seeing right, is the submission status is a big proc, right? Doing a lot of things. At a certain point we have to worry about the maintainability aspect as well. I see. I'm sure we can have her also included indirectly and just make sure that the comments that we have are detailed in the sense that if changes need to be made in the future, we're able to quickly identify that. Okay, this is the part where PTC joins us. This is the part where Cat joins us. This is the part where Ener joins it. This is the part where eligibility joins us. So just maybe some cleanup over there, but right now I think let's just focus on the functionality perspective and actually getting that piece working. Makes sense, yeah, yeah. I was wondering, like, you know, the joins, if you do it across 2,000,000 records at the time, right? It is, yeah, it's not too bad, at least right now, even when I'm joining with the PTC orders table right now with millions of records. See, our main parameters are date and tracking ID, order ID. As long as those are essentially always going to be part of our joins, it's not going to be too bad. Okay. But the second we need to do something separate, then it's, then we'll see. Okay, okay, fine, yeah. So if you're making a release, if we can release that soap proxy change, that would be much better because currently production is not running because of that issue. So maybe we should consider this change also in.