You should be able to validate the repairs created in the PSC, or sorry, the CAT record for that connection that we sent over. All that youth and a word in PTC. So once this space forest is vegan, we can start doing some of that integrated testing, at least in the call today. Let our focus be on the components from a UI perspective that we need from Ananda. Which is, okay, this is an export button that clearly needs to be marked. We had some design as well, at least in terms of skills visualized. Over there, there was a button for bulk correction, a button for bulk delete, and then a button for upload or download. We need to go through what they have on the CMR side because they have a reprocessed state pieces on their end, right? Note that the reprocessed state screen over there on their side has this upload download functionality already. So we need to just understand from them how they're doing it on their side, just so that we can at least replicate or take inspiration from exactly what they're doing over there. Got it. Okay. All right. Cool, I think, is, uh, only little we see, if it's George, I think I have followed up. Then did you get a chance for today's? I'm actually emailing also, sorry, George Charges. Andrew, I've actually emailed also. I just wanted your help with an update on this. I think just today on this continue this contingent, or right, where there was this figure inquiry, well, CND. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It has to be populated with Finra 5 marker or something, right? Okay, and then you had to confirm implicative and implementation, and then also we had to do some checks with N NLBL, right, or NBLB? The NBLB one, one is obviously the centre modifier to add NH, to add the CND instructions. The other one with the NBLDPs, most of them are using foreign symbols and we're asking them to put destination type O on those foreign symbols because it's optionally reported and we did not support it. Okay, so we have asked them to do that. I have to see if I sent a note out to Susie, but I might not have, in which case I'd want you to do it. Yeah, I'll do that. So they are marking the destination type is O, an additional marker is F right? No, no, no. They should mark as O because they're marking it as F right now. See what happens with destination type O, right? It is supposed to be useful for foreign symbols because foreign symbols are optionally reportable to CAT. So when you have something that is optionally reportable, one counterparty can choose to report it and the other can choose not to report it. But the problem that you run into over there is there is linkage between those counterparties. So if I'm choosing to report it and you're not choosing to report it.