Yeah, hey man. Hello, even my room. What's up, man? I'm a little bit under the weather. Oh, you want to leave it up? Yeah, yeah. Some sort of throat infection. I take it, bro. So my job update—I just wanted to update on the button. I think I've gone through it, but I do only leave next week. Okay, 3 days. Which first few days? No, no—Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday. Okay, fine. Thanks for the headset. Yes, um, yeah. Mom just, I think we did, I was pumped up. I even have Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday next week. So I think he's losing more children just a few days ago, so I think the situation was, yeah, doesn't exist. I'm sick. If, uh, maybe I can just quickly update, right? I created a story and the document with complaints speech for a rock that can be used with UA directly, but you know, I cannot go and push for it until, yeah, I did my thorough review quickly through the entire thing. If there's anything you can market, it's done, okay? It's all good, right? Hmm. Important valuable CSV corrections for customer records—it's done, right? With this show, right? Yeah, I mean, it's pretty good. I mean, they'll probably need to do a follow-up with, are you saying to me? Oh, sorry, it'll be done only when it's done by the broad release, right? So this will be going maybe Wednesday to broad. Yeah, there is a model, you know, a lot of these do involve either changing the inputs or changing the conversation. Quite a few stories listed there, probably waiting for broad release. So everything will go on broad, right? Yeah. And I would say that, you know, they're definitely in, I mean, I guess touch. All the ones related to error correction, there definitely, a lot of them are done, yeah, until folks see any final work going on. You're a little bit drawn out in that, you know, we. So there is something, I know what we did say, right? For the file-based approach, so we try to build some solution which works where we go via Snow Site to upload the Excel thing. But the standard approach was Daljit was looking for us to have a proper API to put the file into S3 and pull from there. That's the work happening while we're also correcting some naming convention. Um, that's one side. On the other side, I need to create this story based on Friday's conversation with Kislaya. He wants to change approach a little bit to integrate with the final PTC path. So we need to create a story and just try it out. Actually, we need at least a story for that, and then maybe 2 more stories around that. I need to create them, actually. I probably will create it by end of today. I just created one, which was talking about without going through the Excel-based approach, how do we do it? And the design for it, which I'll detail with Kislaya today, which is what I was discussing with them on.