Hey, Dalit. Yeah, all right. No problem. So I thought Kisle would also join, but looks like he's still in another call. So, regarding whether we can replace the data—yes, we can do backfill runs until we are really stable about what data is being shown. We'll run that. That's fine. I mean, just think about it. That's what I want to mention. But today, if you put something now and that's it, if the theatres and all look okay, then we can continue. I know there will be included/excluded errors. It's not there. So maybe if you backfilled that day and then the data is correct, or if you have to rerun the whole thing again. Let's think about what makes sense. Yeah. As long as we can remove and delete the data and add it again, that should be good. When we make the actual included/excluded based on the table join, that's when we should really do it. Yeah. So once that's done, we should be able to assume that we don't need backfill. Hey, Keslayer, alright. Also, the other thing I was saying—the error with creating duplicate records. I need to fix that. And then one more thing I brought up last week was the date, right? The way we deal with the date. So right now, the way I joined that is I take the form row ID, which has a prefix of the actual event date. I assume that to be a business date and join that with the business date of the cat events. I think that needs to change as well. Because if I look at that log table, it has one. I think you should keep your processed date or your as of date. So as of date, to be your date, should that be a date or should you show there? Oh no. If I'm doing Monday, Monday will have Friday, Friday? Yeah, that is for pulling the PTC data, right? So what BTS data do I want to release? In submission, when you're projecting also happens that day, right? Everything shows and calculation happens. Yeah, the whole computation of everything will happen on that day. Yeah, even cat processing also happens the same day. But the feedback we get from Finra, we get the next day, right? We get T plus one. But again, we get T plus one, but the business date, that's essentially just the way our business date logic is configured. Those inner files will also have the business date configured to T instead of T plus one. So if today is the 20th, right? The files that we get are going to be pointed to the 19th. The data in them is going to be pointed to the 19th, and obviously 19 was a holiday. But let me share the screen. I just want to confirm which file and what is the name of the file actually. I just want to confirm that as well.