Hey, sir, how are you? No problem. What's up? So it looks like I'm leaving next month. I may be on the list. Okay, I just want to check some details, right? So when you take leave, they will pay you the leave balance—whatever leave you have accumulated. Okay, so when they put you on the list, actually, will they allow 3 months notice, correct? Yes, correct. Okay. So at that time, we don't need to come to the office, but we still get paid and maybe the regular benefits. That's not mandated though—they may give it or they may not. No, no, they give it. I hear they give it for everyone. I'm not sure. It's just 3 months' salary of something. Oh, it's not 3 months. It depends on how many years you've served—that many months. Yeah, I'm not sure from when it starts. Could be 3, 10, or something. I don't know how much. But are you sure? Why are you really panicked about that? I've got some concerns, so I'm a bit uncertain. I'm not 100% sure. But still, I can sense there's something. I see. Yeah, so I have a lot of leave balances. I thought whether it would be really helpful to hold it or just apply for and try to get whatever from them. They will pay you for those leave balances, but you can't use it after. That's better. If you're sure, then you can use it for your preparation and stuff. It's better. If it's really true, then it's better to start preparing now. That would be a very good thing actually. Yeah, that's correct. I saw that the date is not yet fixed. Most probably they will do the first week of March, I believe, similar to last year. They did the last week of March. Okay, last year it was elastic. But this year, some people are telling it will be early this year. I don't know. But do they do this in Bangalore now? Do you know? Yes, yes, it is. It is very difficult to survive away. And that dynamics have completely changed. They are targeting all office levels, is it? Yeah, I know a couple of instances. At least in my team, I think the senior guy also. At officer level or below? One is there, not sure, going to be a new associate, right? Okay. Also, one more information. I think you mentioned that past the severance day, we need to sign some agreements, right? Yes, yes. What was that actually? They will send you something to your home. You know, you're just following the rules. But there's nothing actually, just regular stuff. Nothing, nothing—just trying to ensure that you work for 3 months and don't join elsewhere.