Hey, guys, can you hear me? Okay, we're back now. I was just explaining to her. Okay, that makes sense. Ah, um, Fadisha, I'll check and we can discuss that later. Yeah, okay. And then you can start the screen if you want. Hello, man. Oh, hey, sorry guys. I was talking up. We're going to kick off the way that Bumpa suggested in our last retrospective, where we each just sort of talk about what we worked on yesterday and what we're planning on working on. That makes sense. Mom, though, why don't you kick... The voice is breaking on my side. Let me connect with my phone audio just a second. Are you guys already on the phone, actually? Yeah, he has his phone thing. In our last retrospective, you had mentioned that we should go around the call and everybody should say what they worked on yesterday and what they want to work on today. So why don't you just start us off? Uh, do you want me to start? Yeah, I figured you were out earlier this week. Should be fast on, you know, what you just want to work on today. Uh, vehicle guys. One quick thing. On the regular side, anyone who has to send me those development goals and like, you know, just an Excel that's there as part of the recording, definitely send it over today because we need to get that over to Nehal today. Hello? I think with Eisha, you sent yours, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You can just send it to me or you can send it to Jesus. But definitely send it to one of us. If you need an example, just reach out to me on the record site. I can show you what I've done and what I'm sending to Rahul on my side. But it's just a quick Excel. The template is there on the PowerPoint. And, you know, maybe it's a little bit of like fifteen to twenty minutes of thinking in terms of what you'd want to do. And obviously as the days are going by or like months are going by, if there's new items that come in or like you want to switch goals or there's other things that you think you want to do within the goal, obviously we can go ahead and update it. But if you guys can at least take a look over there, I definitely need that like today. Otherwise, Nehal will reach out to you guys only and it's not going to look good. Definitely do that after the call. So this Excel, is that in the team's chat, right? The Excel might not be there from Akran, but the... We need to fill it on the guest store, right? Or no, no, no, no, no. I'll send you, Prabakan. I'll send you the demo. Okay, got it. Okay, fine, thanks. So yeah, I'll send you the email. There's an email recording that Nehal has gone through. Okay, I think there is a wreckage global email, I think, and not part of that. Can you add me into it? I think that's the reason why I'm missing the Excel rule.