Yeah, makes sense. Ideally, along with Jesus, I wanted to talk, but finding a time that works for all of us is so hard. Let me share what I'm trying to capture here, if you can see it. Let me also tell you what we need to do at this point in time. Before you guys spend too much time on this, because I'm worried that too many of you are looking at this and everybody is trying to approach it differently. I want to make sure we're all on the same page. Yeah. Conceptually, I think all of us are doing the right thing. It's just about what do we need immediately versus what do we need for later, right? Correct, absolutely. We need to go for something cool. I looked at your page and I think what you're saying makes the most sense. Let me see. Let Utka also join, then I'll just share my screen first. So there's the Jiras that you guys have created. Yes, this actually, you know, Jira GitHub supports something called issues and backlog issues, right? So that's really useful. He nicely used that to put that. So what I did, I tried to create some files today based on the PDF Utka shared yesterday. I tied it in with the individual schemas. And I don't know if Utkash is on now. Utkash, are you on? Yeah. Can't hear you with the audio. So what file did Utka share? Can you guess? No, I'm there. Let me share. He shared the PDFs. I can show from here, right? If you open this, he has a list of PDF files from, I think, from the portal itself. Okay. This is what he said, not the actual data, right? No, he shared the actual data today morning. Yeah. Can you tell me what all you have shared so far to the team so that I am clear? I'll show you what we have. If you're seeing my screen, so Arjun, these two. Some feed files, I think he got by raising some tickets with Activize. Let me just open this from here. Yeah, well Chris, you go ahead and tell me what all you've done so far? Yeah, I'm just... but it's not coming through. I've shared all the facts. That's standard debate, an R Audium version thing, the doc and structure, the team can get started, and I'm finishing that document now, getting that out from the system as well. Hello? Yeah, so when you say you're giving everything, why are you not sharing in the same group with Kash? It becomes difficult for me to know what's shared. Yeah, because I actually think Jesus has created another working group, so we are sharing all the documents on GitHub. I thought that's okay. Do you have access to this data link actually? Is there a way? Just give me the link, right, so that I can take a look at it. In the meantime, Prabakaran, if you're able to show me, right, or I can...