Oh my God, hello! Hey sister, hello. How are you? Good sir. I'm doing good. So it's Friday after a typical Friday afternoon. Yeah, I think a lot is going on. How are things with you, right? That's nice, good. Yeah, it's going on pretty well. Okay, so you're in Bangalore, is it? I'm in Bangalore, yeah. So you were in Mumbai, right? You're in Mumbai? Yes, Mumbai, that's correct. I am in Mumbai. That's right. Okay, so just to give you some context, you've been through interviews and processing for more than 3 months or something like that. You've been in touch with us for about 2 months, yeah? I think it started somewhere after Diwali last year, in November I believe. I was first interviewed by Arjun when he was at Jefferies, I believe, right? So I was also getting interviewed for Jefferies before getting hired. Okay, and generally they included me back then as well. He thought about it, but given that it didn't work out for various reasons, initially they had opened up a role here in Pune and Mumbai. But eventually during the offer rollout, it seems the higher-ups like the CTOs decided to move the role to Japan all of a sudden, right? So it didn't work out. And then I believe Aditya Gupta, I'm not sure if you know him from the company, he communicated to Arjun that it didn't work out for him. So probably if there is an opportunity or something with the luggage piece, let him know. Because I had already communicated to my manager at TY, my partner at TY, that I would be getting an offer and asked them not to align me with ending projects. And then he started giving up on me. So that's the reason. But yeah, it happens. Can't help it. Yeah, it's really bad. Even I didn't know about it, but it's okay. Sometimes things happen for good. Maybe something good is in store for me. Yeah man, always things would be good. I just need to move on. We just need to move on. You're going to keep lingering on otherwise. You won't move ahead in life. That's how it is. Yeah, so good. Actually, I worked in MSDA. So maybe I can introduce a bit about myself. Yeah, I joined recently too. I joined around August here. Before that I was in Microsoft. I worked with Urgent for about a month or so in Microsoft. Yeah, I joined his team and he left actually. So when I joined we had an interaction, and then banking is something new to me, like the whole domain itself. I just started with this banking domain in JP Morgan, right? So that is completely back in corporate technology, back in financial reporting infrastructure and stuff, mostly. And I haven't really got much into it yet.