So any kind of improvement or enhancement that they're doing on that side, they can do later. As long as it's not a blocker, we should just close it out on our side. But regarding the fields that were discussed that day, there were some fields that operated in their system that have direct linkage with external records or something. Yes, that's correct. So I think I just need to get some information from Fedessa. I need to essentially break down that scenario for them. While doing that, I'll probably lean on you as well to make sure we're capturing everything that's needed. Yeah, there is that representative in the field that I think they should be able to use. And that is present in the system, right? It's in the PTC that we sent, right? The FICUI is basically the PTC that we sent to them. So it's in the PTC that we sent to them. Any other tickets that are open on it? No, I think we have to create flow tickets. There are one or two items you're working on, so let's sit with you and create those tickets. This one was something that his team picked up. It's a very old ticket. Which one really maintains operational cost? That's fine right now, Manan, because that was an enhancement that we wanted to do to make it easier for us. Okay, yeah, this is something that we're creating on our side as a file. I think what the team wanted to do is shift that ownership to the JDO team. For now, let's just keep this on our plate. I don't want to try to move it out to other teams. Okay, and then are we also doing something with the testing or something? I think we had to pick that up also. There's been taken over by the JO team right now. They are the ones that are coming in with a solution and proposal in terms of what needs to be done. So we're not too involved right now over there. And then there's a validation with stakeholders there to do. Are we still doing that? It's really complicated, right? Yeah, we sent follow-ups, but we really couldn't find any information. I want to see what we can put in to close this ticket. Just give me this ticket. I'll put in some close notes and move it to done. I think you have a good connection. I think you could handle the new business. I think we have all tickets in place, right? Yeah, there's nothing at issue. Do we need to do any follow-ups or anything? Not right now, not right now. I don't think any follow-ups are needed. Next week we should have some offline calls specifically on the special settlement stuff. Yeah, mainly on the special settlement stuff because I think that's one item that we weren't able to cover with David. So I want to understand that better.