Thank you, sir. So I think we need to revert back to the old script plus make an alteration in the table so that it accepts null values as a business-as-usual thing. I think since you are reporting the null-based order keys, we should also have a parameter here instead of constraints. For now, at least we need to figure that out later. So my thinking is we revert back to the old version of the code, but just ensure that it's non-prod. We keep it as allowing the table to have null values actually. So that's what I'm thinking right now. Okay, no, I'll let you take a look a little further, and then you can let me know what to do. That should be fine. Yeah, that should be fine. So there are quite a few. Yeah, good. The one million multiple ten thousands in pending status is something again—a problem. I don't know if it's a problem because the few that I see is like pending over here. I don't see any catalog records being reported for it, even though I would expect them to be reported. Now, we did have issues earlier on where there was a backslash that causes processing issues on the FIS side. Okay, let's see that. So in that case, in prod, if you just filter down the CAT consolidated orders, we probably end up seeing very less number of records, right? And for the business day, that's what you did, is it? I just checked at the backend if we have CAT records for those specific order IDs or not, and I do not see them being present. And I checked if all the files were loaded in those specific examples, and I do believe they are loaded. Loaded from the CAT saying it's loaded, is it? Yes, yes. So let me. Okay. Yeah, I think it could be that like one—it could be that like a backslash issue affecting that on the FIS side, and they're like internally as well. So that one, George and all, have to make a change in general. But yeah, anyway, we can talk through it after this call for Parkland. Yeah, hey. Good, good. How's it going, Ali? You've been busy? I don't really know. Um, this is called back like, how do I know, which is a good thing. Yeah, yeah. So one thing we were just saying, and it's not a problem, right? Provokan, you can tell me if I'm wrong or right, but UAT currently this—what is it—warehouses in medium? Broad and everything isn't small. So just want to make sure that we're all aware in case you know we're doing some of the loading and I don't know if the credit usage is like synced up between the two warehouses or if it's just tracked separately. Um, we are triggering like various processing and stuff in both environments. So I just want to be mindful there. Yeah, no, I know that. Do you want us to change that mask or something? No, I think it's better to keep there given that, I mean, I just hope that we don't run every.