You guys, I'm on. Hey, hey. We can actually—it is you, Peter? Yeah, makes sense. You know what, let's cover the key milestone stuff with Ajit, and then maybe we can have this conversation with him as well. Yeah, that's better because I want to know if there's a dependency with his team. Yeah, also just for the update, I think for the EG grid and that stuff, Daljit has created a click. So there were tickets created on our side and he's assigned them to Ananda. Today only. Okay. He can tell us an update on those around pages. Okay, does he look at our board or Jira Sunal? Is he watching or what? Yeah, yeah. Okay, yes, yes. So you should be careful about what you put in Jira. I was thinking it's just internal. I also actually thought so, but I think he has access. Okay, yeah. So okay, we can continue on that or you want to discuss something else? I want to just create a floor diagram over here so it's easy to talk to. Yeah, you can share it actually. Okay, so regardless of, see, that could be either internal or external, raw or standard output, right? It could be any stage. Let's just say some S3 location. We don't need to worry about that. There is no restriction on that part at least. This Excel export—let me just cover one UA example that we were going through. So let's say someone is in the US. Someone takes a button to correct the first 3 on all of these 1000 records. They click that button. Now once they keep that button from Akhan, you're saying that correction CSV needs to get stored in some form of fashion into a stage. That stage could be anything. It would be a stage understanding. That's easy for us to think standard instead of raw. So when we say stage, I think about an AWS location. I don't think about anything on like SF right now, apart from like where that S3 location is tied to. No, stage is a term—stage is a term of Snowflake only, but the thing is that's mapped to some S3 location. If it says internal, it's local memory, and if it says external, it'll be some history location. And that S3 location could be yeah, it could be either whatever thing you showed. It could be output or versus input. Most likely since it's standard, it could be output S3 location. Okay, but see, if it's an output S3 location, that S3 location, that stage, the only purpose it serves is getting data out from Snowflake into AWS S3. Does that fit that use case? Is something that we need to say yes or no, or at least drive towards that kind of information that people can confidently say: okay, yeah, this stage that's tied to S3 standard is only used to output data from Snowflake into S3. And the only reason we would output something from Snowflake into S3 is if that file at the end needs to be consumed by some process. Right now it's for PTC—the final PTC because it needs to be consumed by FI.