Okay, so I've removed all the views. Now it's just the core tables that we need from an operational standpoint. The only two editions would be these two tables: account valuation snapshot and transaction type. From the previous data we generated, we kept different kinds of data points in the transaction type table. What we truly need is the deposit materials. The others are all invalid. You don't need those. Only these two will affect the final account logic. So that logic has to be captured and put out over here. If we need anything else, it's all on the fly. I think we can do a couple of logic insertions and then we should be getting the hang of it as well. Okay, so this is fine. Shall we go with data? Yep, I'm good with that. I just want to make sure you guys are doing this over the repository, right? That's where we're placing all of this stuff. Right now, I haven't stored this there yet. I'm just making changes locally, and once everything is done, I'll just upload my schema to the repo. Once I match my schema with the JRM schema. Correct. Okay. So just do this one time. JRM, you go ahead and upload your schema, or whoever wants to do it first. Upload your schema first. If whoever does it second, do not do it into the main branch. Raise a PR so we could see and merge it directly on the repository. Does that make sense? Yep. I just want to follow proper development protocols here. Okay, if you guys want to do that after this call, we can do that quickly. The last piece, Vedant, you said you wanted me to answer some doubts that you had, or did you want to do that one-on-one? I mean, kind of a one-on-one. I just wondered if there was more clarity on exactly what columns should I be getting rid of and what more I should be doing. Just that. We can have a one-on-one call and I can just sign this out. Yeah, so for your case, I'm just going to elaborate on what we were talking about this morning. You have added some columns that aren't immediately useful. What do I mean by that, right? So the column that you had earlier, which was number of securities in the account. Do you mind going to that line item where you have that? I'm going to secure these. I just looked at the security table or the case complete. Oh, sorry. Underlying security count. This one, right? Yeah. So alert analytics is specific to SST, correct? Yeah. So for all of the other alerts, right, that are not related to the number of securities.