So just do this. Yeah, yeah, I understand that. I was wondering if it was waiting for someone else. Okay, so the DD has been read actually in the meeting, I guess. They're just thinking you can just do it. No, I think they already pinged him. You pinged them already? Oh yeah, let me. Oh, I see him green now. Let's see if. Yeah, just respond in that same chat that we have. Okay, I've met him personally in Sydney, yeah. Okay, it's fine. Hey, is there something new? Okay, please. Hello? Hey Amanda. Since I pinged him directly, okay, aren't your voices coming? No, he was available 8 hours ago, it seems. Who was available 8 hours ago? Last scene was 8 hours ago, yeah. He's had like a little family emergency, so he'll be back tomorrow, he mentions. Oh okay. Um, I can at least tell Ananda and I need to release their changes, right? Yeah, yeah. We'll go out until at least. No, can we deploy what is that master, which is the stored product part, at least? That would be good. You know, this additional filter also, except only the in operator is missing. Otherwise, this is good as well. We can go out and deploy the context and stored product, which is already there, merged. Just give me the links of both of them, the stored proc change as well as the. I'll ping you right away. Yeah, just ping it to me right now. And then I can ask Ananda to release his items. Makes sense, yeah. Procedures of this citizen stage. Let's take logic 2324. Not this. Yep, this is one. I'm just being this. And the next one is. Both of these I can put in broad, correct? Yeah, okay. Both are validated, yes. Okay, give me one second. Just signing in the Snowflake. The last PR again, only context file. Once he merges, if possible, we'll take it to the race. We'll do next time then. No, we'll do it now only, and I think he should merge it. It's a very small change anyway. So I don't think it's small, yeah. Okay, first, I'm putting in stored prod, okay? Yeah, the stored product changes. Let me just share my screen with you so you can also see. Basically, copy down this entire thing, right? Yeah, you can click on that raw thingy. Top right, there's a file icon. Yeah, click on that. Yeah, that's the one. And click on raw file there. Yeah, now you can copy. Control A and copy the whole stuff. Okay, got an execute here. Control and execute, that's it. It's only the procedure that changes, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, let me go to the next one. He merges this already. Oh good. Okay, no, this is merged, but the other one, the latest one. Which is the other one? No, the same context file. I had made one more change to include, you know, the operator thingy. Let me just check one more time. Is it still there? Yeah, it's still there. One more open peer is there, so can I just take it from that? I'm just doing it. Yeah, if you can take that.