He needs to send this example. Even Raf mentioned to him that he has to send us those examples because it's no use for us to try to find an example that we think fits the picture, but you know, come back and say that this is not the correct example. So we should follow up with him. I want multiple followers to go out, or you know, one consolidated email that these are the items that we're tracking Andrew. Do you have an update for each of these? All right, I will do that to send us an exam. Just so that he has at least today and Tuesday to go through some of the stuff, and then Wednesday he can actually discuss with us anything that he wants to. Okay, so this one is for Andrew, and then this is also for Andrew, right? The key option details. Yeah, correct. Why there are dupes? Why part of them have the details populated? Why other parts don't? We need to get this from him. And then the 2201 error as well. So NU was supposed to share some void with us, order ID with us. Correct. Right, and the order ID was some combination of the exchange pizza. No, this one isn't the options in equities one. That is for the CND. So the inquiry, this is just normal bond execution. Yeah, this is also related to bond, right? So if the bond was getting executed with that prefix and that had everything, right? So he had entries where if the exchange was executing it, those details were populated correctly. But it's on him to confirm: are they dupes? While there are 2 records with one part of the records not indicating the underlying, the protocol, the main like options fields that we're looking at. And maybe it will come out that he needs to update the order ID. So if you see he has in the C2 example that you have, he has C2 hyphen and then 0A00, whatever. But the order FNUM doesn't tie back to that same order ID. So maybe something like that will come out. At least I'm just thinking ahead. But he needs to share like yeah, I use with us. Got it, I'll do this. Okay, then I want... Yeah, 2210, there's one more thing I have also sent out on Wednesday. Um, okay, Steve Raff's email from Wednesday, which was a JDO complex option discussion. Wherein JDO was not representing this, I think goes back to some of those like CMPX instructions that we wanted to add, right? Jaido gets 2 orders from, this is similar to that example that we spoke about today in the morning. But JDO gets 2 simple option orders and it combines it over into like a multi-leg and that is not working out correctly, right? So just review this. We should send one consolidated email with at least 3 items that this is what we're tracking. One is the inquiry with those CND where he needs to give us some order IDs, right? Two is in the executions, why certain values are missing, those put call, underlying and all. And then 3rd one is...