Hey Christina, hey, sorry man. Hey, can you hear me? Yeah, thank you. Sorry, no problem. I think it makes sense. Anyway, cool. I want to be spoke with the GTS today as well, in terms of just planning for the error connections, right? And maybe what I'm going to do is... okay, see if I can open up a draw or workflow item. Okay, it's easy for us too. Yeah. Okay, then from an end-to-end picture. Okay. This is, let's say, this is okay. Yeah. Whatever, just now that you see it says. Okay. Mm hmm. We took some pictures and gave some diagrams on the whiteboard space. Okay. Yes, the user will make directions onto the UI. On the UI? Okay. The UI will then have, so let's say he makes a connection and it doesn't matter, right? It could be the user using the UI or the user going directly. And let's just see, this is Jason. Hmm. This is the actual connection, right? Like, uh, we have a CSV, Jackson, Jason, whatever, and then this is the correction, Jason. So you can call this the correction, and um, from the UI, right? From the UI. Uh, once someone makes a connection, we will have a CSV file that's, you know, let's see in and out. Okay. Every single correction goes as a CSV. Everything, even small ones. Is it? That's what I'm saying. Okay, got it. So it doesn't matter if someone is doing like a bulk upload, okay. Mm-hmm. They could do a bulk upload and put in the file. Or even if they're doing for one record, like, let's say this is one user making a correction at the same time, simultaneously, or the users can also be making corrections. Even if they're making for one record, at the end of their correction process, we will create it out as a CSV file. That's CSV file. We will take in, and okay, that's CSV file. You'll take in, uh, so this CSV file will be in, like, let's just say this is going to be. It's not even going to be anywhere. It's not going to go to any like file system source. It's going to be stored within that like memory or whatever. From then, the plan is, or at least what the GTS is mentioning is we have a CAT API, which also has the API in, basically. Okay. Okay. Let's just say for now this is the main service. As soon as this file gets created with one user action, directly that file, we go ahead and use CAT API to put it into S3. Okay. Yeah. And then input in our, like, workflow, and then into SF. Okay. Let's see if I can get a room for the 5 SPOC, one second. Uh, just give me one thing. Yeah, yeah. Why a room, actually? Real physical room, is it? Yeah, just because I think with the whiteboard, it'll be a little easier for us to... I see, okay. Stop political. Okay. Um, I just need to see what time I call it. No, no, it's at one. Okay. You don't need to attend that one by the way. I think it's to...