10 jobs were previously running with 10 different scripts. Now that has changed to end jobs running with one script. We should just give them those details. After we do the production release and make sure that the release is stable, then on a daily basis, any issue that comes up, anything that needs to be maybe modified in the code, they should be the ones escalating it over to us so that we can then go in and take action. It shouldn't be our duty to monitor those jobs to make sure that it's working correctly or to make sure that Snowflake tasks are running correctly and stuff like that. That is all supposed to be production support. We should push that to them. Prabhakran has also joined now. We are just talking through what changes we want to see in 2026 and why we want to see them, to ultimately make our team's functions and responsibilities a lot more directly contained. What I'm talking about is that even with any Snowflake tasks that we release, let's say, and we're marking some activity as done and we've gotten whatever sign-off, once we've done the release and made sure we've gotten a sign-off and everything is stable, we should communicate all of those details to the production support team. Then they should monitor it on a daily basis, whether or not a Snowflake task is run, whether or not the stream has data. Anything that we would use on our side to check, right? So we should definitely start interacting a lot more frequently with production support. It should be that as we're doing a change, we should keep production support also in the loop. This is a change that's going out. This is what it's going to affect. These are the jobs or tasks to monitor on a daily basis so that we have coverage and we've also done our duty of making sure that we've communicated the details over to Terry's team. Makes sense. Thanks, yeah. I just want to make sure we're a lot more organized in that sense. In addition to what Jesus mentioned about keeping the calls one hour long, I think maybe every Friday or so, Jesus, we should have kind of a retrospective or whatever. Okay, this is all the people accomplished this week, how on track we are, what things we need to focus on, and what priorities are shifting and whatnot. So I think at least once every week or week and a half, or maybe even like two weeks, right? Just have a little retrospective to make sure that we're on track, make sure we're not forgetting stuff that needs to definitely be a priority, or where maybe we need additional hands or additional helper escalation or whatever it is. I know we already have the Friday calls set by you, right? The naked weekly catch-up call.