Okay, okay. You know, I've got everything better. Hello, hey, you can hear me? Yeah, yeah, I see Sanjit's not at his desk. I think someone's pulled him into something. Let's see when he gets back. Um, give me a minute though. I need to use the restroom, so I'll be back in like a minute. All right, hopefully they'll be back that day. Yep. Okay, even if Sanjit doesn't come back, we can still talk, the four of us. Yeah, 100%, 100%. I'll be up again. Yep. Maybe I'm not here, it's fine, you know. See you later. Yes, see? Yeah. Um, maybe while we wait, we can discuss a bit on the allocation side of it while Daljit is joining, right? Hello, am I audible now? Sorry. Yeah, yeah, yeah, can you do? Yeah, no, I was saying I was on mute. Um, I would say that it's a great idea. Let's talk about the allocations. Do you want to share your screen or should I share mine? Yeah, let me see. Cool, we can go straight to the ticket and see what the requirements are. Do you think it makes sense if we have the time to call in Mamta, just to introduce her to the idea of what some of these tickets are and what kind of work she might pick up? I really do want to get her involved. Yeah, that definitely helps a lot. No, if she has still open questions, I can sync up in the morning class for anything and anything she misses out. So it's... Maybe she could actually pick up this allocation one itself once we answer any doubts. So absolutely, very good idea. You know, she just has to integrate something new into a process that you've already created. Yeah, yeah. Should we include her here? How do we go about it? Uh, I'm down to include her. Let me send an invite to her. Oh, what? This is different. The call option has changed. Interesting. Hmm. What the hell? Did anybody else's Zoom update? Sorry, what happened? Did anybody else's Zoom update? No, I didn't do it. My whole UI changed for like inviting people and sending the invite link. It's totally different now. I see. Okay, see Mamta join us now. Kissley is also back. Hey, Kissley, are you with us? Yes, sorry, I was muted. Um, from Hunter, I'm deployed. Your update as well. Oh, let me figure that out. Hey, Mamta. Hey, hey. Hey, um, sorry. Hey, thanks for joining. Um, we're talking about the error correction dashboard and the submissions dashboard. Um, and there's a couple of tickets that we want to close out and we're already falling pretty far behind on some of the key things that we wanted to deliver. Um, so if we could get your consistent support on this to get us back on track, that's really the goal over the next couple of weeks. If that's something that you're able to handle, that's part of why I wanted to do this on this call. Um, and if you could at least take one thing up right now, um, we want to talk about a specific ticket. Which one were you looking at?