So, provide regular updates on these tickets as well, right? There is no way for the doctor to be able to do it by himself. The deuce is wrapping up with 605, 606, so we know where we want to plug her into on this side. Monta also has some availability to help us out and push some of these along. Matter of fact, she is assisting us in adding the trade allocation submission to the submission status. So that whole lineage—from base PTC to regular PTC to CAT—all of those transformations will also now be included for allocations. I have this slated. It doesn't mind, right? If you don't mind. Yeah, step back a minute. Can I know what was done last week? I know we did it at least early this week. What all has been completed on the commission screen? I know there were some fixes which went in, right? Yeah, I mean the exclusion logic, pending logic, status stratification across all the stages. Then removing some run-notified stuff. You want to show the screen? I don't know. Yeah, from our current state, it would be good to see. Let me do that. I know we should always make sure we are progressing. Yeah, so it was this ticket 1944 and the ticket as of date 1981. For any reason why we are not seeing data—like, I don't find data every day. I have to go two or three days back to see data. I don't know why that is. Um, so when you did last time, is... So what do you expect today? If I see 27? I say 25th, so I should see data for 25th. 25th is a weekend. 26th will have it. So let's look at 26th. Yeah, that's perfect, right? That should have 23rd data, right? Yeah, likely. So just let me check. So the problem with this, or maybe the task is somehow not resumed. Maybe that was the cause. When you checked, you checked yesterday today. Yeah, I see MT here. Yeah, that's why. I mean, do we not have some kind of monitoring in place or some kind of alert? No. We have tasks, actually. Yeah, alert is not set for that, but there is a task status being logged. We can set an alert for that for sure. And if we should ask, Kislia knows this, right? I don't see data even for 23rd. That's my problem. I'm not seeing data. No, after the deployment, I asked him to resume the task because we altered it and put it on pause, and we had to resume the task. I ran for a couple of things manually. At least they should be there. Let me just verify if the task is put on hold and it's not progressing. I'll just confirm that part. But I know I ran for the 20th at least, so again, I can just search for it. Yeah, that's the issue. Yeah, but it does not look nice on us. Yeah, in fact, we had to... There are no clues what's going on. Yeah, we have to clean up and run for the whole January one more time.