So, I see. Okay, yeah. I mean, it happens, especially with banks and different ways to allow you to give tokens and deal with that. It's painful. Cool, yeah, thanks. Actually, what are you doing? Oh good, it's late. It was quite good. It's been some time since we had a catch-up. I couldn't really follow up. We probably need to have regular mentor meetings to catch up on that. But I also wanted to see, you know, get to know things and get them a little bit stabilized here, which is much better right now. So it's a good time. We can sync up, share, and engage some sort of feedback and things going forward, right? So absolutely. I'll probably find some slots. I'm not sure whatever works for you, but we could probably have maybe at least a monthly catch-up or something like that. Yeah, you should definitely do that. Yeah, yeah. So the reason is, yeah, it's good actually. We had done something. I mean, we can obviously do some sort of demo at a later point in time, or maybe once we build it, a Dragon site or a similar thing, which I think our team started working on. We'll have a good view of that. So before I get into this, I also wanted to ask you a very broad question. Before you joined, I guess you had a view. You obviously knew Arjun from before and you had a view on what you wanted to do and how it would be. How is this shaping up for you so far? Ah, it's pretty good, actually. I would say I sort of had expected how it works, and then it was going good and even better. I get to really get into the area I was lacking in, which was understanding the domain more than technology and platform kind of things. Which I get to see much more now. Understanding the challenges faced by the team in terms of correcting errors and trying to solve directly there. It's a lot above from where I was before. Much more into domain, and I know this is the place I want to be in. More of understanding business and domain and trying to leverage my skills and quickly help out. It was going good so far. I probably need to understand from the other folks, maybe like how my contribution is viewed, if they see me as excited or not, kind of things. So I need to check on that. But I think so far it's pretty good. And also, as I said, the challenge with me right now is I'm not sure if I shared with you before. I've been doing my M.Tech and just completing my first year. I have my semester exams coming in March. These kinds of things are a little bit restricting me in terms of using my weekends for doing something magical and coming up and sharing something with the team. But we'll normally try to do, or I'll try to, you know, observe and contribute.