The door opens and closes. Yeah, yeah, so I'll go ahead with the changes, at least the applications piece. We'll do the other changes I was talking about on Wednesday, Bumpta. So there's more than just Raptor Jado PTC. There's also WDSP. I was saying, I regularly support the operations team to send me a list of jobs that require retry from a Hashi perspective. So let them get me the list today. I'll tell you the exact scripts once they share that information with me. But I think, at least from what I've seen, there are 3 different scripts that we'd need to implement - the Hashi and the retry. Three or four, sorry. Yeah, that's right. So apart from just the Hashi implementation as well, right, the PR that you've written, right? I want to make sure that Provokran also takes a look at that block. And then let's see when Manan. If Manan mentioned that he might have a power cut on his side, he might be late to join the call. No, actually, yeah, my PR is not completely ready now because last night we just raised the PR. So testing is left. I will just test my PR now and then we'll send it again to Tabatharan so he can have a look and we can raise a PR to get points for that. Yeah, just have the dev branch there, right? I've also told Manan to set up an India scrum for you guys, right? Yeah, I see that in one day. Yeah, he set that up, but I want to make sure that at least the testing and everything, right, that Mamta, Prabakran, you, and Manan can do. Prior to even getting onto a scrum internally on our side. On that testing and progress and stuff, just to be accommodated as part of the India scrum so that Rebecca, if Mamta has any doubts from a procedural perspective, you can help out there. And Manan can essentially drive some of the business case scenarios, right? And then the US scrum that we have, we can just get quicker updates at least. Manan can have all the updates from the India side really. Yeah, so that any work that Vidisha and Mamta need to work together on, Vidisha can be brought up to speed on the internal scrum and she can take over essentially from where Mamta left off, right? That way we have continuous work and dev effort being done towards a common goal. And in terms of best coding practices and stuff, it'll make sure that everyone in the team is getting up to speed in terms of exactly what dev is being done and how that functionality is going to work out, right. So I want that development model to be there just so that later...