No worries. So I set up a calling for tomorrow from 8 AM to 9 AM. Here's the background: we had an in-person meeting with Citadel on Tuesday, and we took them through our rates, our women's school offering, as well as our train boarding solution. We focused on the AI piece. On the trade assessment side, we took them through the actual dashboard and everything we created—the submission summary, the arrows dashboard, and everything. Then we walked them through the AI functionality and the use cases we've been brainstorming. The whole idea is we want to present this as a package to Citadel. This will be both a proposal to Citadel Securities and their asset management side. We want to talk through how deployment will work—when we actually go into Citadel, how the whole piece is going to function, right? From deployment to testing to what technologies we're going to use, all the way to making sure we have their volume considerations in play and how that process will essentially work. I have a little bit of insight into their process. What I can say is, at least on the Citadel Securities side, they're currently processing around 2 billion events a day. Actually, if it's 2 billion orders, then it's going to be even more events in a day—3 times more, at least. More than 3 times more. But it's a lot of volume, right? And here's the thing: they're not doing their submissions at the end of the day in one straight shot. I believe they have multiple batches scheduled throughout the day, and data gets submitted based on those batches. Maybe they have 4 or 5 batches with time-based cutoffs. For example, the first trading activity might be 9 AM to 11 AM, or pre-market US to 11 AM. Then the second batch might be 11 AM to 2 PM, then 2 PM to 4:30 PM, and then just the after-hours trading. Something like that. Now I'm just talking out loud. Rahul will get a bit more details around that, but we should go with the considerations we have, right? The whole idea of that meeting is to see how we would want to price this to them.