Thank you, Stan. Sorry, I'm okay. Sorry, there are back-to-back cars, so many cars today. I know, that's so weird. You guys had scrum right now too, huh? Yeah, yeah, there is scrum now, actually. They're discussing a couple of error correction scenarios and stuff, right? So yeah. Anyway, that's quite useful. But you know, so now, what you're saying is: what are the issues I should really look at? One is I'm going to raise a PR for the stored product thing we did, right? First, yeah, the first step is definitely just raise the PR and let's get that out to make sure that the updated version is there. Okay. Apart from that, the task didn't run. We have a root cause. Like, did you identify it, you know? Yeah, when I initially resumed the task, after that we found out that there were errors in stuff, right? And then you made the change to add the additional error codes as well. I think after that change, I never resumed the task again. So that's a change with only stored product, right? Does it automatically stop the task? I believe it suspended the task too, because when I checked the task, it was suspended. The cat submissions task. Oh, is it? Okay. Cat submission status task. Can I drop the other one? The submission status task? Yeah, yeah, drop that. So the one with cat is the important one. Probably that conflict also creates a problem, yeah. Maybe that conflict would have created a problem. And the third one, right? So one is raising a PR and then the task is enabled. I ran it for a couple of manual dates now, but you said there is something missing for the 19th day, right? What is that? So when I look on the UI, I see it only going till the PTC stage. I don't see it going till the cat stage. So what I think is in UAT or Prod? In Prod. Oh, I see. And maybe I'm just looking at this. So there is the submission status task that we have. That one also ran on the 19th at 2 PM. So I think that is what probably populated it. So I'm going to either just drop this task or suspend it for now. Okay, see. I don't want to, yeah, so we have, let me share my screen to show you. I see. Can you, okay. I see. My question is: even then, that should have shown some errors, right? If there were errors, yeah. No, because see, this ran at 2 PM. The cat data load only finishes around 3 PM or something like that. Oh, yeah. I see. So at this point, we don't have any cat data and errors loaded at 3 PM. So we don't even have any errors data. So that's why it makes sense that this would only come in from the PTC stage. And then if you look at the cat submission status task, this was completely suspended. So this day doesn't even have a run history right now. Oh, okay. That makes sense. Then we run the 19th again now. That should work for me. Yeah, run the 19th again, but make sure you do. Do we need to?