Again, they're not making a decision. We're just telling them and giving them an analysis that they probably meant to review and take action on, guys. Okay, alert somebody. Evidence: so I medium, mismatched, bit, um, below threshold and stuff. So this is the disposition. We've gotten a lot of documents from Utkarsh. Based on that document, I created the table. Okay, so the check for account type and suitability—if that's a mismatch, that's evidence. Then we can raise the flag. So the key data points would be mismatch, then client network versus asset size at 29.4% of net worth. So that's a flag as well. These are all the steps they take in order to disclose that particular alert. Okay, just give me a second. Hey Rishab, if you have just 5 minutes after this call, I'd like to catch up with you on one thing. Sure, I think yeah, 11:30 to 12 I have another call, so 12 PM works. Okay, sure. It's nothing time-sensitive anyway, so I just want to catch up with you real quick. Yeah, going back in like 10 minutes. Are you good? You said you have another call, right? Sorry, we have another call now, right? Yeah, at security, running a minute overdue. Yeah, oh, so we can maybe make it the afternoon. As I said, you can join that in 10 minutes, but if you can't stay, then you can... Okay, so just one last thing which was there—yeah, co-pilot chat. I'm trying to work on this right now and then the score intelligence. So this is working some normal questions and then the answers can be provided. So that's the only last piece that I had. Then one more thing that I'm working on currently is to get a risk score configuration page. This is in process, so kind of like 5% done. This can let the user enter or configure the final cap, yeah, the calculation of the final score and then the RAG status as well. And we're not doing recommendations, right? Not right now, yeah. Oh, because I don't—yeah, today's call, I don't mention. Let's not. Yes, yes. Okay, sounds good. All right, sounds good. Let us know when you're free in the afternoon. Maybe we can catch up then, and Persher is also good. Okay, okay, cool. Thank you, thank you. Thanks, everyone. Thank you.