In this meeting, I think the market is all right. Tavos, good morning. Hey, am I not added to that call? I'll forward it to you in case you're not. Okay, I mean, I agree with this. Yeah, right. We got everything. So we would want to choose the call also, and I think this call is also before tomorrow's call with Aditya. Let's talk. So Pradakar and like, what are we walking through? Like, what are we trying to show tomorrow? I think there was an issue that was supposed to work. There's some release already done, right? There is some data which Kisla needs to feed in for those. Some of them you said there are so many cat events, but we are just matching only part of them. Yeah, that's because there's additional PT data missing, which he's working on. But we need to hopefully have him complete the change yesterday, or I'll confirm it case later today. But the thing is, maybe can you check those somehow? I think there is which one? That one doesn't have a Jira, I guess. I think since you reported, there are a lot of cat events there. Counties more than how many, how much we are swimming here. We worked on it separately, not without a Jira, right? Not without. Okay, and this increasing extreme logic, I think it's supposed to be done now. There is an inclusion. Is the... Oh, on the next one. But I think there is allocations one that I'm working on right now. So next one is already done merged, is it? Oh, it's fun most. So I have already created the query and like, I have already been through that. But the point is we have not added it to your block because we didn't want it to complicate it. So my query is already doing it separately, updating the final table other than making it a dismiss in the final product. But we need to decide now that do you should be added to the main problem? Yeah, yeah, we should put it to main product. But if you have the query ready, we can easily do it to the main actually. I think you would have tried to join with the submission status table. I think the same fields we can use to join between the store block also. But my concern is like Manan, I just want to validate some of these data for some of these dates. I probably ran for Nofib, Jan 30, February F2. Yeah, yeah, okay, so that's something we need to ensure that those functionalities are fine, whatever we already tested. Have you gotten a chance to review this query which I created like this? No, I will ask her to share it and then I'll have a quick look and come back to her, Vidisha, right? If you just ping me, I'll review it once. Yeah, okay, yeah, twelve nd. I think then you can actually get the title to the main dog, and then you know, no, I think for tomorrow this year demo, do we.