How do you deal with Stephen? I have zero idea. Stephen Walsh? Yeah. I think talking to him is better for your life, but oh my God, it's just back and forth. I went to approve their PR and other stuff after telling them where to make changes. It turns out the code is in the wrong place with XTKs being where Jeff Cross is, and it should be with all the other direct connections. So I'm like, okay, just change it here. Yeah, what happened yesterday morning? He said we're making new changes. I'll show you exactly what's happening. First thing is, is the sorting still going on? It's all sorted. I gave them an entire block of text. I showed them the discrepancy between my ticket, his ticket, and then what order IDs are discrepant, and the issues with both of them. All of them, I think, already account for the test cases, so that's why all the test cases are passing. All the records are being included. But there is one issue in the query. At least the query that Srikanth has on his side—with the nature of where he put his change—he's basically underreporting some of the executions. He's part of their team, isn't he? I think he's one of the QA guys you mentioned. I don't know if he's part of... okay, he's probably the new guy who joined. Yeah. So their query had underreporting, and why it was underreporting is there was one execution on XT. So when they say bear query, they basically picked up what you had done previously, right? They picked up what I had done previously, but they put XTKs in. I just like to visualize it. This is the way, what are we testing with until today? This query over here... So we've not done the code change to test, is it? We were simply querying the data. No, no, they made the code change to test and stuff, and this file he has over here is basically the up-to-date one. This is what has all of the changes we have, even with switching over the tag too. Looking at executions instead of looking at orders for the direct to exchange. Okay. And this has XTKs included in the correct position along with their replacements that they wanted to put in. Okay. Then, at least in the PR that was raised, XTKs was put not in this location over here. XTKs was put in the query with Jeff Cross here, which it shouldn't be because this query has a select distinct. And just the nature of this surveillance report is... PR, you guys do only when you go finally live with prod, is it? I don't know how there is. They're like yeah. I got access to it. When you're testing itself, when you check in the code, I would expect that this is already done. Yeah, it should be isolated as a process. That's what I might...