Sure, love Shabbat skin. Just a moment, Grace. And they don't delete. So I think a little, you can see a lot of fighting releases also going out today. So from our current, do you actually want to give an overall summary and then I can take 2 individual tickets? Yeah, so we have 3 epics. The first one focusing on extracting correction data from the submissions and exporting it so that an analyst can go through them. The way we have designed it right now is like we have a separate table where we link it with submissions and we show a view for it. I can show a demo of it actually. So what happens is we have a great separate view where we join the submissions and corrections together and we show it. And then from there, from the UI, we have this Excel export function. We are trying to use it for the time being to export it. So yeah, we have a separate table creator and we are able to extract PTC and their information and put them there. And from there, we can export as an Excel. The way we have designed it is keeping everything as some sort of JSON, right? PTC JSON, then the correction also has JSON. It's better to show it actually. Let me just open it. Yeah, but to give an overall view, the second phase is whatever the CSV exported. This is the UI. Yeah, with you, yeah. Okay. So the second part is we use the CSV and then we run a stored procedure which will pull the CSV from the stage and then load it into the corrections table, right? The correction would be populated in adjacent form by the analyst, and they will put it into the stage. Whatever way we figure out, either with the resources option available in the UI or any other means. Once we have the CSV there, if you run a stored procedure, it'll load that. But eventually the future idea is to make that correction we will do from the UI itself. So that's the second phase, loading the corrections. Third phase is merging, overlaying the correction on top of existing PTC, and exporting it as a file which should be consumed by our normal low draw stored procedure. So this is the third phase. We have done the first phase. We are making, I can just show it right now then actually. But these are the 3 different phases. We have a single epic to cover all the 3 phases actually. I can just share the screen maybe with that. Did we already show the UI? No, no aspect of it. Okay. No, dude, not it. Maybe I mean, Manani can also open it, right? You can open the non-prod UI if you have access to iPhone Dave after Jegar. Yeah, I, I, I, and area. And go to the corrections tab, and maybe you can try this date which we loaded the data for ninth February. Click on the cat there and yeah, go to. We don't see, you don't see. Okay, wait a minute. Yeah, you see correction step. It's the. If you open it first time, it just takes a little while to come back and come up. Okay. Yeah. You can filter the status, not equal to pend.