Hey folks, good morning, good evening. Hey, good evening, Papa. I don't remember. I think mostly in team settings. Did you try there? I can check it and let you know anyway. Okay, the team setup is somewhere. You should be able to change it in the profile. Oh, okay, okay. I'll take that. I haven't checked it. Click on the place where the image itself is there, right? It will show you an option. I did the profile and you can change it. I think I opened it in general. So I'm checking in accounts and organisations here. No, no, no. Don't need to do that. Go to the top right of Teams and there'll be a place where normally the image should be showing, right? Click on that directly. There is a settings button there that will take you in. Right. Okay, yeah, I got it. Why did someone suddenly ask you to update it, or why are you doing that now? No, I was just like, you texted in the group. I was being like, you have put in your DP over there. Oh, like that. Because we were not having a problem in India now. Yeah, because what I was wondering is like Steve, right? Steve Stephen. I think on the first day itself, he was asking us to update the images. I was thinking maybe something happened, like you raised a PR into his repo or somewhere, and he tried to reach out to see that your photo is not there. He gave you a comment? Yeah. Hey guys, what happened? What comment? No man, actually we were discussing about the Teams DP. I was asking how he has updated his display picture. Because we are not having photos over here. I see, I see. Okay, cool. I think we can keep it short and get started. Mamta, I saw you pushed the code. I think it looks fine. Yeah, I do think that. Yeah, I think Daljit also marked it as approved, right? Well, I haven't checked that. Yeah, he merged it. He merged it already. Yeah, I think he merged it. Mamta, I think what you should do, right? I think you can start creating the CM as a draft for the coming Wednesday. Let's include these changes too. Much the scripts. I will have you change the server that we're pulling data from on Hasie, right? I'll give you a new source name as part of the change on Wednesday. I want to also change that server. Because we had some conversations with the people running that China report, and they want to use one of the servers we're currently pulling from, right? In APAC, that one doesn't have one of the tables being refreshed on a daily basis. So they've given us a separate server which has the same transactional data, but some of the reference tables that we need to include those are being updated on a daily basis in that other server. And then there is one more table.