Stop the box. Hello? Sorry I lost track of time, guys. Hey, Anthony, who's... hey, how's everybody doing? Good, good. Yep. No, nice. What time is it for you guys, Mom? I don't know, but it's fine. 15 minutes till 11:30? Okay. If you want big, bro. Okay. I'm up the 8 group or the phone. All right. No, I mean, I wouldn't like to keep you guys up too late, but at least it's not like 12 in the morning or anything like that. No, it's not that. No, no. Okay. Um, so what I want to do was go through an example of actually doing an error correction or of navigating the dashboard to perform an error correction, or get as close to it as possible. Even, you know, root costs. Uh, Moman, I know you have already documented some examples, you've even shared some of them over email. Lana? Oh, yeah, I'm sorry, love. So, uh, one time I have done this to none of the examples, where, you know, the dates which are loaded, actually, you know, 20 years. So what I thought we could do is we can actually take a live example from the 20th. Like, of the error correction, we can just run a SQL query and pull out that order ID and then, you know, backstack from the UI. That works. As long as it's an example for production, again, I already knew that you had put together over email some example errors for production that needed to be corrected. So, as long as it's an example from good, even if you wanted to make a live one right now, that's fine from the 20th. Unless Kisley, per bar, do you guys have any objections? Oh, yeah, that's fine. Yeah. I mean, if you want to run, I can give you the command. You can run for any date you want, but it'll take 27 to 28 minutes to complete. So, but I know for any other use case. Yeah, yeah, we have data phones and just run through anything. Yeah, yeah, definitely, not this time in here. Okay, so yeah, so run us to an example and everything that you're gonna do on the SQL side, right? My guess is you're going to be using a lot of tables. I want to try to be doing it on the dash. You know, I will not do anything. Yeah, not do anything. Well, you do that, I just want to race with you, Jesus, and case my own question, right? Like if you are saying bulk, you want to put multiple records into an Excel on base, based on what criteria you want to export in the scenario. Like is it the same error or is it based on the source of the data or something like that? Maybe just think over that, we'll catch up on that once these issues are on. I see a lot of that. I think we'll see a lot of that on this call when we go through a real example. Okay, makes sense. But I agree, we gotta come up with the best approach for actually grouping and then filtering and selecting for the export, like you said. Yeah, I am. No, you can dig seeds. Any reason we're taking only 8003? No, I thought because this is just a simple... I mean, no reason, I thought at all. Okay. Okay. Thanks, all right. Is there some