Okay, there's another call for RIA. Yeah, I'm not saying I have another conflict. I'm going to catch up with that. Okay, it's tough for knock. My 4 o'clock meeting is 30 minutes. Okay, to put together like a proposal, right? Like phase one, how are we gonna... I want to understand how it was started, right? Who was the first person who started it? Um, and then how we added more people into it at what stages, right? So the first person has to really know. Sort of, what I see in the chat is J. Raman comes and says, "I didn't know the requirements." He's just saying last week that just now only he came to know the game months. So I think, see, I think that is where I think that channel that I've built, right? Like, will start to help out. Because initially, Harshad, me, and Rishab started the conversation, okay, right? And then when Richta brings in people, he needs to be able to provide that overview before asking them to start doing some work. Correct, correct, yeah, right? Like he needs to show that leadership. Tell them, okay, you guys have joined in. This is what we are trying to build. Yeah, yeah, true, right? Sometimes he himself doesn't have that clarity, which is what the problem is. Correct. You know, he is under pressure just because Harshith is telling him "by tomorrow you show me something." He starts talking on screens and all that without really realizing: What is the product? How do I tell the team? How do I get them involved? Because he wants to try and develop the UIs as early as possible. Okay, okay. We just, which is fine, right? Like he's under pressure, he's doing it. But what he's missing out on is he doesn't know how to get the team involved in a proper manner. Okay. And I think some things we will have to change, right? Like as leaders of the firm, what we need to define is, for all the tools, there are some basics that we need to have: What is the approach? What is that tool about? What is the design? Who are the people who are actively working on it? What is the documentation? Where is it being kept? What is the product roadmap? What have we built so far? What are we still going to build? Hmm, right? Like, five, six things. We need to create a template, and that is what should be there in every single channel so that anybody who comes can go into that one page, look at the various things, and be up to speed. True, yeah. There needs to be structure to the area. Okay. Let me put that like a defined template and share it. And that is something that I want all the tool owners to actually start developing first. So yeah, like, it's got to be one full day activity just doing that, but we have to do that to start to improve our services better. Like otherwise, for example, I spoke to Geo, who is part of my success circle, okay? And he was telling me he doesn't have bandwidth, right? Like he's in Citadel, but he's the guy who started the calibration tuning tool, right? He was a right...