Hello folks, good morning. April Balkan here. Good morning. Hey, just allow me two minutes to transfer over to my PC. I don't mean to go on camera. I just accidentally went on camera, hopefully nobody saw that. I totally lost track of time because of daylight savings. It's a little bit earlier than I'm used to. So sorry about that, guys. At least I didn't see it, so don't think so much about it. Cool. All right, I'm on my PC now. Hello, hello. Am I audible, guys? There's some echo. There was a cutoff on the phone. Is it still going? Yeah, I think it's something with your mic. Let me rejoin. How about now? Yeah, that's much better. Thanks, alright. Sorry about that, you guys. How's everybody doing? How's everybody's weekend? Hopefully everybody's good. Yeah, we're coming into the weekend. It's relieving for me at least in one aspect. The next one is coming next weekend. What about the exams? Yeah, the exam stuff. Nice. Best of luck to you. Thank you. All right, so let's quickly start off. I want to go with the usual route of what everybody has done and what they're planning on doing. We can keep it brief. Who wants to kick us off today? I guess I'll go. So on Friday, I got a chance to catch up with the website development group. We went through a couple of things that Prajna had put together. I think this week she's going to set up a meeting with a broader group to go over the updates and feedback, and then we can start the development work based on that feedback. Okay, thanks. Anybody else want to go? I can go. I worked on the alerts master sheet and updated that. Like Ledan said, I was also at that meeting. I think Prajna is going to sit down with Arjun as well if I'm not wrong. Once she has some feedback, we're going to start working on what the website should look like and where they want to go, maybe creating a login for the internal team as well. I'll start work on that tomorrow. Nice, thank you. So Prajna is heading up this website project. I thought Crescent was. Prajna is leading the team and Crescent is helping her wherever she needs. Okay, all right, who's next? I can go next. I can just quickly show my screenshot. This weekend I mostly spent time working on the front end. But Locrian, whatever you guys have time today, we can probably go with the structure. What we've done here is kind of split the user roles into two different categories.