15 for a linkage, one file for injection error. Okay. Now, in the Asian error, once we have our setup, let's assume that zero engine error, because you will only already verify. If some kids are not free, okay. And we have 1000 linkage errors for, say, 9/73. So, uh, state February. Okay. 8 February, we have 1000 linkage errors. So those feedback come to us on ninth. Now, on ninth, say for example, we have corrected those, say, 600 errors. Okay, now 400 errors are still left. Now, if we get a feedback file on 11th, okay, two. And then there are 1000 errors for 10th also. So in that feedback file, will I have 1000 errors or I'll get 1400 errors? And you should have only 1000 errors corresponding to just the previous dates, like submission. So the 400 errors that we have not corrected from 2 days ago, right? They will not show up in the latest file, basically. It's going to be, so the way the ingestion error and the linkage error works is based on one day's worth of submission that you've done. So if I submit 1000 records today and 10 of them have linkage errors, in tomorrow's feedback, right, because it's T plus one reporting, in tomorrow's feedback, I will get only those 10 errors. Let's say in tomorrow's data, again, I have 1000 submissions, and then 10 errors on those. I will not have 20 errors in the feedback of tomorrow's submission. I will have only the 10 corresponding to tomorrow's submission, not the 10 corresponding to today's submission. But okay, this understanding was correct, okay. Now explain me now. Now say for example, out of those 400 errors which you were not able to correct, okay, 200 were for, like, you know, say Morgan's can lead to connect, correct? Now once they correct it, the energy is all at our end also. Okay, okay, yeah. From Finners to local, the error is resolved at RL. But there is no message that we will get to say that like the error is resolved. Like there is no data point that you will get to tell us that the error is essentially resolved. So that's... Hmm. I wouldn't doubt on that. Isn't there the outstanding linkage file where if the linkage is resolved by the counterparty, the error would no longer appear in that outstanding linkage file? Um... Good point, good point. That's a good point. Because that's what we do on the case. I see where you're coming from. Yeah. Okay, so let me check on the outstanding linkage file. I'm definitely sure it to your point, we can use that. Uh, the only thing I will say is, I think that is not accounting for the entire history of outstanding linkage file. I think it's a rolling period of like 3 or 5 days or something like that. Hmm. So like, in case we get the entire history of everything that's outstanding and still needs to be corrected, right? It is, I'm pretty certain it's not the case on the cat side. But I think I can confirm that out. So just so you know, what I told...