It's nothing, like, whatever is mentioned, there is already. Yeah, so that's what I paid for. Yeah, go on. But you do it. So when I search with Trade Readys, I don't get that game. But then they updated it. They give the order AT. That wouldn't be the T80, right? No, that cannot be the date ID. Already? So I end up getting a good catch. Um, one second. What you will have to do is instead of even looking at cat orders consolidated, you can just look at the MEOT table, right? And then you can put this order. Okay, go to the MUT table. Okay, let's take the first one, for example. Go to the first one for me. No, like, will you take the first one in the Excel? So these are the first ones. All these five airports. So I searched for everything. I did not find it. No, no, no, when I say first one, it's only the first example that you see over there, right? So 82, 1549. Right? Yeah. Okay. Control C that, and then when I would do it, what I would do is just go to the right column. First, just like, look at the records to see where those order IDs actually come in. If you go to the right, oh, back to Snowflake. Go to the right on Snowflake. So you know, it's either coming in sell details or if you just expand buy details for the online item, you'll see that buy details can also have it. So what I would do to start off is I would do select star from MUT, and then I'd put the business stage, and then I would do and buy details like, and then I put that first order ID I got, and then I do all sell details like, and put that order already then I got. The problem you're right is pinnals for whatever reason is not giving the thing that it is over here, which is really dumb of them. Yeah, but then like, I, I, I, this. Okay, yeah, just single, single, single for a moment, like all these. But that's what I was saying. Your wife can recognise for me, is it only me? Same, same, same. Let's talk about this after the call. Let's talk about this after. Let's also finish up the call with the rest of the folks so we can. All right, let's start with the deck then. For the correction speech, I'm here to create a story and update the slide. Can I take some time and complete it by Monday? I do have a flight. I was working on it. Okay. No, no, I thought I'd create... No, the story creation for some of these, I wanted to do by today, but I stuck on some things. I just want to have a conversation, then close it by today and have all the stories ready by Monday. I think Maa was just giving it a first stab. Why don't we walk through it, and then if you want to make changes to that background, we can talk about it, and you can make further changes, and we can have it updated by next week. Okay. Makes sense. So sorry, Manan, please walk us through what we got.