Hello, good morning. What do you need, folks? Can't provide them. Bye. Here we go. And Jen. Hey, you two. So Swat, Tatika, and Rahul want to be joining, but they're under shove, right? Oh, the other number I called? Yeah, yeah. So we're waiting for Sherrin, Wamsi, and Shashir. Yeah. Um, Ashen, did you ping him? I pinged Shashira as well. I don't think I've gotten any response from him. He told me to get started. Yeah, let's get started. Correct. Good. So as Raul has stated, what we can do is we can probably start with the 2nd tab on our sheet, which is the planned activities that we had. We can cover those initially and then, of course, once Rahul joins in, we can cover the other parts of the agenda too. I'll just upload my screen, give me a second. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Good. So let's start with the planned initiatives that we had, which is for the internal firm, um, different teams, the tooling part. Okay, so I have a couple of updates over here. Sharon isn't here, so let's start with the newsletter, thought leadership, and LinkedIn post. What we've discussed between me and Sharon is that I have already sent out to you guys the Excel. I haven't reviewed it since my last email yesterday, but the request is for you guys to go through it and put in your names. We just expect one input from your end throughout the year, wherein you would draft a point of view for whatever work you are doing, wherever you have your subject matter expertise, and send it over to me so that we can post it on all external as well as internal platforms. Again, like I said even in the email, the Excel that I've already sent has majorly topics related to the tool, but even outside of that, whatever you feel could be good for us to publish a POV on, we are open to using that topic for one of the POVs. That okay? So this is where I need your input. Please, if you could send it over by today, at least we'll have a calendar ready. Then we can start publishing all the posts, not only the POVs, but everything based on that calendar. So please do this today. Again, the intent is so you guys, and if you're working with a couple of people who have expertise, who are senior in the firm and probably should contribute to this, make sure that they are also aware about this and they can probably have inputs on a couple of dates on the calendar as well. Supervision roundtable, that's serving, we have... Yeah. Hey, sorry, dental. So the first thing, right, is a couple of things to add. You know, like you said, it's just not tools. I think the way we anticipated to work is for each function to own and say what is your plan.