I saw you on that call with G. Most specifics for us to do. Yeah, I also found it there. I don't know. I will argue it. I do not have that link now—the meeting invite I do not have. Let's say, Mamta, that invite as well. Mamta, you're on the invite. Okay, no, no. Well, I'll check. I think you are on my invite list, but I'll add you again. No worries. All right, guys. So quickly, one update on the CAT side. I just need your help here. Now, for that SPXW—like, what does weekly mean? Can you just clarify? See, this is all information I got from Google first of all. So I'm also not completely aware, right? SPY has weekly options and SPY has options that are more than like a regular cadence, right? So this is just how they're getting the symbol. Now the question is whether SPXW is an actual symbol that needs to be reported, or if it's something incorrect and who needs to fix it. Did you check Fidessa? Do you think that any other option records when we see SPXW being reported anywhere else? Were you able to find it? No, yeah, I did not check actually. So check that. That's important, right? Because that will at least give us a baseline that no other system is reporting SPXW except you. So why is Jader reporting it? And maybe we can give them guidance that, okay, yeah, this should actually be SPX and not SPXW. Can we check that now? It should be, yeah, you should—we can check that, right? And this is complete options, right? Yes, this is multi-leg, yes. Why is this not coming? I just did a quick search on at least a million records. The only system I see is JDO. So there's something with JO as to why they're putting it in there. And I think they should change it. Plain and simple. I think it should be SPX, not SPXW. Have we checked Finra IMID? Yeah, in the system, IMID is also there. There is no SPXW. I think it's just specific. There are two things, right? One is obviously checking internally toward other systems that are doing complex option support. It seems like there's no one else using SPXW. The other thing I mentioned is checking in with FIs. We're getting this ingestion error on these SPXW records. Can you please take a look and check if this was a valid symbol on the symbology for that day? They have all of that like databases stored on their side. So they should be able to give us a lot more insight. All right. Only then, I think on the card set, just guys, sorry, I just take another minute before we jump onto this plan. Quickly, I need information from you. Excuse me. Can you just confirm, are there any Marion windows for CAT or no? Yeah, yeah, just send me this one. Just send it to me, right? Yeah, this one me and you can work on offline.