Yeah, perfect, perfect. That's what I was thinking in my heart, and then she went, sometimes get to respond by Monday morning. Also, I get most of the information by playing it, and it would be in good shape, and we can at least incorporate that. Exactly, because once those group snapshots are turned on, then we can basically at least start testing those. Yeah, yeah. So Scutter reminded me, he works to give us all the dog results as possible. Perfect, perfect. Take a look at it. Yeah, you gotta let it go. Hey, yeah. Hi, good morning. Funny, this is... Hey? What am I supposed to join? I thought he said good meeting, sir. Sorry, how's it going? Oh, yeah, the last call was very helpful. They basically said, you know, they have a lot of concern. There's probably a very large gap, which, you know, we did say that before, and it's not just their DVP allocations. It's like they're missing out on a lot of allocations. They're only reporting representative order allocations. And so they think they might have a very big gap. They're looking at whether they can report the end of day allocation or they have to report every single allocation. I told them, you know, much like EBS, if it's compressed only for cost savings, you know, consolidated at the end of the day for cost savings, then compressed traits is not what Finn was looking for, but otherwise they would need to report pretty much all those allocations that they're missing today. The second case is starting again, the driver is one. It's a small one for now. Okay, just like fourteen hours of time to help them. Oh, okay, identify some of these issues that we had already identified. Like get more details on them and then there will probably be phase two for the limitation. Sounds nice. Yeah, they just asked me to go over the documentation with them and read the FAQs and how to interpret. So right now it's more interpretive than anything else. Hello, guys, and good morning. Good morning, Dawn. Let me text Kisley, see who he can join at his meeting. Oh, while we are meeting, obviously, right, just start. So here's the background. As you guys are aware, we've been building, focusing a lot on product development on our side. Building these tools on the AI, on the events as well as the record boarding site. Building our AI capability, etcetera. Having showcased some of these tools to some of our clients, we've got a lot of interest and it's really like a lot of the clients are very excited about what we have. Or do we get this group together to do we start talking about next steps in terms of how do we fit implementing this tool as part of our engagements? How do we think about our approach? How do we think about pricing for something like this, etcetera?