Hey cousin, hey. So just to continue with that initiative of stories, they're like, you know, the behavior—the stored product which exports with whatever filter condition we give into some sort of CSV. So along with the error code, that's the first one. On the secondary, it's about creating the actual table structure for correction audit information, right? So the third one, again extending on, taking up the input where we override the particular attributes kind of thing. And for these, integrate now all things together where we put the corrected JSON as well as generating CSV from the corrected JSON directly. So yeah, those kinds of sequences we have defined right now. It's not really specific about delete operations or something like that, but it's about generating the files. Yeah, yeah.

So just to understand that, okay, right? We identify the records based off the errors that we want to correct. We will first export those out into like S3 on our side. Yeah, from there then we will take those records back in on our side, and then start performing updates or deletes or any action that... No, no. So it's like this—no, no, it's like this. The file we put into S3 will have the corrected fields. For example, whatever format we have right now, the input we are getting for PTC. Let's say if it's a correction on the trade, what is the file format we have for trades right now? We put it in the same format. Although you probably say something correction on the name or something like that, we use Logdraw to load that into the same table with a new instance ID, different instance IDs. So all these things are... but the thing is, from submission to the S3 file is all going to do, and in between we do audit and we do all the JSON processing and all the other auditing related stuff we have there. And approved ones will be, you know, again we need to have a job that picks up this correction from the table and puts it into the right file. If trades go to its own file and then orders go to its own file with the exact format, which we would need normally for Logdraw to pick it up and put it into raw zone.

Okay, okay. So basically the export that we do initially only has the action of correction in it, right? Correct. Yeah, so the PTC itself might have an action already in that, but the thing is that when we write it into a CSV file or whatever file into S3, the action would have changed, right? Because we are correcting. So it'll be CORR and then it'll have some set of fields changed as well. The way we do is the first one is going to create a CSV file where somebody can manually correct it and put the file back in with the format while we build the whole functionality out so that we have incremental value. We verify into an, after the first generation itself, right? But the thing is that we'll have some UI where the user enters the key-value pairs, a dictionary, then we store it.