JATO Raptor Fiteso. But I usually don't recall. Yeah, I actually tomorrow I'm out of office. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I just released it on the coldest. Yeah, but just recently, I call it. Yes, and if you can follow Fernando, send him an email that, you know, we make sure all of them join. Don't worry, yeah. Yeah, and sure, everything like that. And then there was this FIS ticket also I had to read, right? Yeah, no worry. Let me take a look at that. I'll put that in my case. Don't worry about that. I just downloaded the file. So I'll check first to see if it's okay. Okay, look okay, on our file, or if there's a case to, in the way George accepted the data. Got it. Okay. I don't even need to go through specifically the Jira board. Just before we start discussing with the correction pieces. Um, from Akan, is your code all set up now? Yeah, it's all set up actually. I just had everything done this morning. No, I think VS code I can do. So with what you say, either you try from external terminal once and then it should work. But I think that's not very critical. VS code thing is not required. The command line is what matters. VS code is just, you know, a very simple thing, right? What happens is if you use cloud terminal and try to work your fixes or solutions out, the VS code extension basically shows you whatever changes are happening in the window. That's the difference. Otherwise you wouldn't know what files changed, how it's changing, all these things, right? So that will be reflecting, but even that only reflects in real time. You'll need to refresh and all these things. So in a sense, maybe that plugin is not something so important, but the cloud code is very important. That's very powerful, right? So we should think of using it mostly from terminal. When using it, yeah. I think for me, I didn't want getting directed. I do games to all the blood extensions. Uh, you just restart your hiding ones. You don't need to reinstall. That seems to be working fine. You just need to close your IDE because you installed your extension. Just restart it once and see if it qualifies. Good morning, everyone. He says money. Hey, are we in the middle of anything? I actually have a couple of things I'd like to pick up with today. From an education perspective. Yeah, yeah. Oh, then that's good. Just before we, yeah, just before we start that, I want to at least raise a few of the changes for those more like bug fixes. We should get something out. Yeah, yeah, I couldn't do much today, sorry, but I'm definitely gonna start now anyway. So I'll have a lot of PRs done tomorrow. And yeah, we've created tickets for all those too, right? So that's part of one of the things that I wanted to talk about as well. Okay. Yeah, yeah. No, I just want to, yeah. Like you said, I'll have some significant changes done tomorrow.