Hey folks, good evening. If Daljit joins here, we'll use this call to go through some of the other updates. On the CAT side, the main issues we're discussing are some key updates. I think we should go through the corrections and information from the past two days that we've been discussing continuously. We can use this to catch up on some of the other connections and activities. The CAU and Jeta, maybe the attendance stuff that we have. I'll be going to pull the Jedo. It doesn't seem to be at least looking to me like it's the files we received for CAT, so I don't know if there's something else. Hey, good morning. We can use the money. We're gonna use the call to go through some of the other CAT updates and items, at least first, right? We haven't had a call with Bathu to give you items, CAT items, and stuff like that. And then if there's other stuff that you want to cover from any direction standpoint, if you want to maybe just change from, I don't know what you were thinking about, just the third case instead that you were talking about? Yeah, I was gonna say that we've already covered at length where we are with the error corrections. So I wasn't really sure where to start unless we wanted to treat it like a scrum call or something. So please go ahead with all your CAD VAU updates. Yeah, no, I think Deljit also mentioned. I spoke with him yesterday and we decided that we can just use this call right now to discuss what's going on in CAT, what are some of the cases that we've identified that we're talking through, and then answer any questions about any of the cases. So man, why don't we start with the key agenda items? We can pull up the GRO boot as well. Let's talk about the key agenda items that we at least have as part of the current tech call and then maybe some of the smaller items that are on the cheerboard as well. Can you hear me, man? Hello? I can hear you clearly. My mom's on mute. Not sure if that's intentional, but I hear you. That means no, man. Otherwise I can share my schemes, huh? Okay, I need the intensive time. I'm just gonna share my speak. I'm here. Yeah, yeah, no worries. Yeah, my name just sent me a message. But yeah, so I had a call with, at least, you know, I've had a note in a conversation that instead of covering each and every single item, if we can have just a dedicated agenda for the meetings, at least on the new business side, that would be good and just making sure that we get a little bit more participation, right? So any Jeda issues we need to have a hand to come in.