Hi, MCC. No, I'm doing that. I still can't edit. Are you kidding? All right, hopefully now I can make it. Okay, so this is supposed to be 605, 606. Okay, um, and you're saying that's up to date? You're saying cat summary is up to date, and then cat error correction is up to date. Um, the one that I want to start with is the cat error correction, because, you know, taking a look at the plan, right? Number one, whatever plan we have, the milestones aren't here in the deck, right? So I'm not clear in terms of milestones. And if I remember correctly, I think this is supposed to go into Q2 or Q3 of this year. Yeah, one, the milestones is missing here. And I'm sure that if I go on the plan right now, if I go to the G replan, that's also not up to date there. So the error correction thing is something that I'm very concerned about. I know we talked and talked and talked about it. But I don't really feel comfortable with the current plan that we have, because again, right, if the summary dashboard is complete, which allegedly is complete, a lot of things are still to do, a bunch of things are still pending release. A bunch of things are still in progress. Yeah, yeah. This needs to be cleaned up differently and I need to update that. I'll do that. Today's summary. Um, the part that's concerning to me is that we only talk about this when I bring it up. So it's like, if I'm not on the call, there's no update to any of these things. That's really concerning. And for Bakari, I know that we have spent a considerable amount of time also talking about the error corrections and validation framework, and possibly even the MIS dashboard. And again, right, I just don't know how accurate any of these gears are, right? I know that we're going to have to do a bulk Jira changes and updates, creations here. I just wanted to hear through today on Duljit and everyone's thoughts and probably put everything accordingly. I had to do quite a lot of Jira creations, actually. I'll probably do early next week and get that. I updated the whole zero hygiene cleanup will do that probably next week. Yeah, and it's not just your responsibility, uh, locker, and it's also, right? Monan is one of the most closely related to these things. So it's like, you know, whoever's working on these things, whoever's working with you on these things, should have your board be a regular part of the conversation? Yeah, yeah, on a very regular basis. Um, I'm thinking I want this done like Monday. And I know it's Friday and it's already evening for you there, so I don't want to beat that guy. I don't want to do that to you. But again, the main thing I'm concerned about is we don't even have a timeline. I just need a high-level timeline: what's going to get done next week? What can I get done the week after that? What's going to get done next month? These are questions that need answering.