Hey man, keep it open. I'm not sure if Delhi is on there. Yeah, yeah. Hey, good morning. Hey, I took the money. Hey, love you, good morning. Kisla is a deal, he'll be 5 minutes late. In the meanwhile, there's a picture. Mananda sent you an email about a list of issues. Yeah, they just spoke to me about it. I was supposed to never call with him actually, but he hasn't sent any email as of now, no. Okay, then you joined. Hello? Can guys see me? Hey guys, good morning. Good morning. Let me just see if I can. I was trying to pull down something. Let me see. So you have something to share or should I share the screen? Um, you can share the screen. I wanted to start off by just bringing up the initial Excel with the edit connection flow. Okay, okay. And then I wanted to just talk to clarify and make sure we're back to recapping what people discussed previously. And then take it up into the forge 5 segment that I mentioned from a high level perspective. All right, okay. So you're gonna share? How do you want me to share, you know? Yeah, can you share it? Okay, I'll do that, yeah. Let me know if you can see the screen. I can see this one. Can we resize the window a little bit? There's no way. It's showing so big, actually. But I think the latest will work. Yeah, I think we can keep this one different. So, other connections, right? I think there's one more document that I'll go over to you, Provokar. Any connections from the UA? Lake water is currently dead in an air detection process, just to let me clarify. So on a daily basis, we know that we get here at a correction funds. We have submission funds in PTC to FIS. We also have, sorry, second. So the PDC files, we have cat checkers. And the cat checkers are the ones that get the editors, which we connect pretty much on a daily basis. Now, in order to do the other collections, and currently the way we're doing the other corrections, GT is all in the cap format. So we don't touch the BTC formats with any kind of connections on our side. But in our ideal state, when you want the other corrections to be done via the UI, we also want to make sure that FRS is the one creating the connection, and in order to do this, we would have to do the corrections in PTC format. These would be sent over to FIS, and pretty much in the same process that they actually create out the original catholicals, they would also create out the correction that could serve us. Connections again will be E plus one in nature, specifically on D plus N with FIS. In the sense that even if we have historical data that we need to connect for some reason, we should be able to connect that in that PTC format, even if it's for a year ago or a year and a half ago.