Okay, hey, how are you? Very good, buddy. Good, sir. Let me just pull up the UI and I'll tell you what we're looking at on our side. I'll give you a quick background. Yeah, I can hear you. There are some noises, but I can hear you on the phone. Okay, no, another sore background, right? We are working on trading all the USC on our side. There are no corrections to Catholics. Now, to do those corrections to the catechids, we want users to have two different functionalities. One is directly from the UI, for them to be able to update values on a small subset of fees and a smaller amount of records. But the second one is we want users to be able to export our echos on their side and make changes locally on their like, you know, Excel or no practice plus, whatever it is. And then we upload that file back as the correction, right? Those are the two main ones that we want to have, and we're working on, at least right now, just making sure that people on the backend don't snowfake when the user uploads the file and does the correction is working as expected. What we wanted to talk with you through is just some of the UI women's and visibility, those UI opponents. And just kind of go through with you an overall game plan: if this button is get, it needs to maybe move a file from one location to another, or it needs to onboard data into the JP Rozone bike, getting out the API, right? Just to see what all is possible from your perspective as well. That means just be sentence. When we say modifying the record, it's just getting the data from the database, updating that, and storing back to the database, or is there anything else? Do we need to post any other system? No, it needs to essentially just go back to the database. So I'll tell you an example, right? Let's say these three records are the ones that I want to correct, okay. There is a G-Son overshape that we will expose to the users, right? Right. We will allow users only to update these teams that be exposed to them on the JSON. So right now you're seeing only like four or five different seats. This will be expanded. But first thing is, we want to see if there is a way that, let's say, they want to correct it on this individual record, they should be able to have maybe some kind of a pop-up, which shows the feeling, the current value, and what they want to update it to. So that if, let's say in this example, the user has child reportable equal to N, and they know that it needs to be a value of Y, they should be able to just enter that in a zone. We should be able to just capture that as an update, and either put it back into the database or just like explore that as a file that ultimately gets onboard into the database. Now, what I want to check with you...