Yeah, true. Ozzy, makes sense. Absolutely. Yeah, so you need to be like that. Whatever. I keep saying 'architecture council'—Rahul uses a different term, but anyway, ultimately it's the same thing. Like, we want you to be the technical architect for the firm. Okay. Bring in other tech people who are stronger currently. Like, the strong people technically right now are Kishu, Kisplay, and Rishab. Correct? Okay. So use those guys to be part of your council, and the four of you should definitely make sure anything that we develop is being maintained in a manner that is easily possible. Considering various factors, right? Like, we don't want to end up doing things where, you know, we build into a BI and then we realize, oh, that could be done here or could be done there. Okay. I see. Like those architectural decisions and direction is what I want you to be focused on. Like, I don't want you to worry about every single tooling decision they're gonna make. That's not your headache. Absolutely, makes sense. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, like very similar to how, you know, you're basically the platform team, right? Like, even if you think about the Mogestali context—what is that called? You're essentially playing that Joe's role. I forget his full name for Caspian, right? Like, what did they used to do? They were only a platform. You can come in and build whatever you want inside that. Correct. But that guy was the platform owner. He would tell you, okay, these are the principles I want you to follow. These are the guidelines I want you to follow. This is how you should be coding inside it. That's all he's going to focus on. And he will be building capabilities on that platform. He is not going to be developing the functional things that people may be coming in and doing. Makes sense, yeah, yeah. So that is how I want you to envision this role that you're going to perform. Hmm, okay. So structure your time accordingly, right? Like, ultimately your project delivery is always the first priority, the client priority, right? Right, right. That has to have zero impact. Whatever you do outside of it, you could be planning your time accordingly and figuring out how to put a team together so that everybody is working minimum hours, but at the same time, we're able to keep things moving along. Makes sense, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, I get that definitely, yeah. So I had to really, you know, I just wanted to put something there so that people start going. In fact, I reached out to these guys. Nobody's raised their thumbs yet, actually. So I wasn't really moving on the council part yet, actually, but probably just asking by message won't help, right? Like, you will have to drive it, saying, okay, can I set up this call? Yeah, just go ahead and set it up. Like, you don't need to ask. I'm able to show up and have a conversation. Only if you have a conversation.