Good morning, everybody. Good morning, everyone. Is Rahul going to make it today? I thought he was going to be on sabbatical this week. No, no, he's going to make it. Yeah, I think he's already set the agenda for today's call. Great. Hey guys, morning. How are you guys doing today? Good. Let's start. I think Arjun will join us a few minutes late. All right. So I shared the agenda for what we want to cover on this call today. Let's get right into it. Hey Harsha, thanks for joining today. I'm sorry, you've seen the Excel version of what we had started crafting in terms of tracking all of our firm activities. We had a list of all the internal tool development as well as a lot of different activities that people raised their hands for, like our internal website development, being in charge of the LinkedIn posts, et cetera. So in order to manage these tasks in a more streamlined way, Crescent came up with the idea of leveraging some other tools rather than just using Excel to track activities so that we can create reports and dashboards for easily tracking all the ongoing tasks. Kasan has a prototype that's ready for us that she wanted to walk the team through on this call today. And then, if everyone's on board with how we're looking to use it, we can continue to use that not just for this, but for any other internal activities that we want to track. Cool. All right, let me share my screen while we speak. Can you see my screen? Yes. So this is what we had before and this is where we're tracking all of the projects. Rahul has categorized all of these in different portfolios for each product type. What I have here is, has anyone used Asana before? No, I don't. Okay. So this is mostly a free tool with some advanced versions as well, but I'll go over the basics right now and then we can decide how we want to go about it. So what you see here is basically one project, the Cat Reporting Validation Tool, which has different tasks with different categories: current tasks, what we're planning in the upcoming few days, what the next steps are, what we've completed so far, and what our backlogged ideas are. So it lets us section everything into all of these different tasks that we have going on. Each one of these tasks can have subtasks, descriptions, priority levels, can be assigned to people, can have a timeline and due date, and can have dependencies on different tasks or different projects. It tells us what the task progress is, whether it's started or in progress.