So we're not actually mapping from these files or from our custom-made schema into what maps to which field and how. That is also a document that already exists within Jeffries. It's a separate document, and it's pretty verbose. We would actually have to modify it just a little bit to make it work on our side, but that does exist. Chris, you may have seen it. Mm-hmm. Okay, yeah, just joined this. I hate books. Hey, for Roger. No worries. Welcome. But the reason that I'm—so this is exactly why I want to align, right? I've created this ticket with what we're having in mind: our Jude already shared some specific schemas that are gonna apply to this. And those schemas also have a mapping on the Jeffrey side. So Rishab, I'm curious to hear about what sort of conversation you had with Arjun. That is fundamentally different? Not fundamentally different, but he was just trying to eliminate one of the steps—the preliminary steps for tool building—which is mapping these eight or nine schemas into client account and holding data set. So if you can go through the document that you have in Jeffrey, then get me the exact columns for these four or five things. You should be able to find this now because I think that is publicly available. Yeah, this is publicly available. So while you come up with the definition of the schema that you want from these files, I can get you the mapping. Yeah, so instead of that, I just need these client account attributes. Whatever background work you or somebody else has to do in order to get me those things, you can take care of it. Hold on, I want to find where that link is—Pershing standard files on the group. Yeah, I could have found it. Wolf Connect, here it is. This should be it. So there's nothing for us to do. I need to sign up. I thought it was publicly available. I think Utkarsh has an account with Wolf Connect. I think so, if I'm not wrong, because I do remember us going over this for some of the files. So maybe we can check with him once. Okay, so then what we need to do is—now I understand because I thought you could access that. What we need to do is give you screenshots of these specific files so that you can go through them and build the schema based off of what's available there. Does that sound right? You're gonna have another person who does that and gives me the final data for different data sets? Yeah, that other person would have been like JRM, I'm thinking. That's not going on. I don't know. Yeah, no, I mean, either that or Utkarsh. Wait, sorry, the last part—I missed the last part. What do you need from Jera? Rishad? So somebody has—okay, so somebody on our side can go and pull the screenshots for each of these files: ACCT, ACCF, HLDR, HLDU. We can...