Can you hear me yet? I can hear you. Am I audible? Yes, very much, no issues. Amazing. Okay, perfect. Um, so I just wanted to know, like, if we should merge a few tickets or something. Do you want to do that right now? I thought Mamta would also be on, but she's actually not. No, let's not merge. I mean, we need her to be there. I'm reviewing and giving commands to her. Okay, let her deliver them as independent, right? So that's fine actually. We don't need to merge them. The only thing is you need to really create separate files in the same way the zeros are created. The reason it was better to have us separate files instead of one single file is there's quite a lot of corrections I'm suggesting to her implementation. When it's done, it was one Jira ticket also you asked me to create, right? Yes, for the bug, right? One bug with me. A lot of it, I will also, like, after this call, do the review of the dashboard also, like the UI, the airport submission thing, and the count and everything. Okay. So what I'll do is I'll do and verify it, but my aim is to try and find out if, you know, the errors are not coming from any particular system or any particular event type. If I can reach down to that, minute details, then I think it will be very easy for you and Kissner to identify which table. Yeah, it'll be a lot helpful, man. If you just can tell me. Yeah, so like today, before 3 or 4 PM, I think I will tell you that I will try and find out what is the bottleneck. So how, I mean, just like explaining my approach, you can guide me or you can suggest if I should do anything differently. So what I think is I'll take one particular date and on that one particular date, I've used all sorts of centers and everything. And then, once I have identified that particular day, the next step will be, if I see those similar patterns for other dates also, right? If I see the similar pattern, then correct. Then if I don't see a similar pattern for other dates, then I think it's a bigger issue, right? Because every day we are having different issues and probably it's a code issue which is resulting that we don't pick up a particular table. And that table can be anything. So this approach, I'm thinking. Yeah, yeah. So I will use... Also, Prabad, can you forward me the email when you guys did like the test with FIS? I am not there in that email, actually. No, I've been asking to forward me that email because... You can reach out to Rupes to see if he's in us. I was thinking to do it a little differently. So what I was thinking was, I mean, just give him one record, and then we will tell him what actions we need to do, and then they will tell us that these fees from PTC, you will need to change.