Hey folks, good morning and good evening everyone. Alright, I'm just going to jump into it. I just wanted to take two minutes to check on this as part of the room, and then Mona will let you go into your regular school things. If you wanted to cover anything on the cash side, I'm guessing you want to dive into that. Okay, I'll make it quick on my side, I promise. What's the progress? You got this? That is logic. Okay, sorry about that. Mom, how's it going with the allocation, with that view? Onboarding the file. You found the file. Where are we at now? Yeah, actually I have committed my code and everything is looking good to me. I have sent that to Kishlé to review. Once he reviews it, I will raise the PR for that. Okay, let's take a look at what we got. That's the final question about the branches. I have updated my comments. I'll take a look at this as well when I get the chance. I'm sure Chase will be able to weigh in a little bit better, but I'll take a look as well. Why not? Alright, the inclusion-exclusion logic for Bakras. You were going to book a piece and then we were going to hand it off to the D show, right? Yeah, so on my side, what we discussed today I just added to the code committed. The current PR, I'm planning for broad that will include it. I already did that change. Tested in UAT. But the actual inclusion-exclusion from the table, Disha will be working with the case layer to sort it out. Yeah, okay. So these 1987 and 1988. Those two are going out this Wednesday, today. No, it didn't go out to Prat. So I am doing some final testing. It definitely will be done. The PR would be done today. So if it is today and probably he approves tomorrow, then we are good, right? So I target for this Friday. Okay, I probably will walk through the changes tomorrow after raising the PR today. I keep pushing to the branch, but there's quite a lot of changes I'm doing and extensive testing is also happening. Those changes are already impactful, so that's why I'm putting a lot of tests around that. Nice, okay, cool. I'm okay with that. One more question on the allocation stuff, Mom. I'm sorry, it should have occurred to me earlier. Once you raise this PR, that's gonna get data into the table, correct? That's what's gonna go out. Can you speak? Sorry, I'm coming back to your ticket 1828. Add trade allocation permission.