Hey, Kisleo. Hello? Can you hear me? Hey, please, Leo. Hello? Hey, you're welcome. I see that the CAT count for the farm row ID is 173 million, and PTC cats is 159 million. So it looks like we have cat events there. Although I didn't really try to match everything, it looks like the count ensures that the cat events are present, right? So somehow you need, I'm missing the match. So it's purely to do with, I think, the null handling code I added. Do we have, like, if we have one or a few order IDs, we can take a look, essentially, because I didn't see any when I checked over order IDs. I am thinking, maybe there is something I can do myself, perhaps to maybe split it into like 4 segments. You know, one for allocations, one for executions, one for routes. Hmm. I don't know, maybe it might make our IT handling and integration and just maintenance a little easier. No, I mean, allocations and executions, obviously we can split. We can go by, you know, an option. I mean, that's maybe optimized actually. But then what it needs is we need to have common tables. Some of these tables should be kept common. Like, at least error is one error, there are feedback one. Right now we are using a single one across all. That handling should be separated as well. We need to, as you said, store it into a table or maybe if you go to DBT, it'll create a persistent dynamic table that can be used by downstream. So we may have to do that part actually. Yeah, I think we can keep one normalized table in itself too, because that's not going to have a lot of volume. Okay. Mainly orders and routes. If we split up, it might just make testing and everything a little easier. Anyway, we don't have to locate it. No, again, I can do a script into DBT quickly. Anyway, it's not an issue. Sorry, DBT also evaluated working fine in production. I did a simple POC with Dulge. He was asking, so it was working fine. Again, I can run a script to convert it to DBT. But again, the reason why I didn't push for that was that by having it as all the CTEs single thing, Snowflake does optimization into wind, actually. If you split that at layers, then we probably lose some optimization. That's the concern, actually. But again, as you said, vertical splitting is really good. Like what you said, execution allocations and orders separate. Definitely will have its value. So we can do that splitting. So I'll do that. I can do that. Not an issue or we can do that. Maybe once I free up and finish this week, right? But I think it's not purely the issue with that, right? I am talking about the issue here is that we have a condition match between Null versus Null. That's huge because of the way I handled that. I was trying to assume okay, I'll just put some value there. I don't want to keep null, trying to populate something if PTC doesn't have like populate from CAT kind of.