I'm working on work-life balance, 100%. Hey folks, good morning everyone. Hey Adam, how are you doing? Sorry, give me one minute. I was just wondering—good, good, good. How was the situation there with the snow? Yeah, I think everything is operational today. Are you home or in the area? I am home. My shuttle and community shuttles are not operational yet. Okay, yeah, thank you. School is still closed. Second day in a row. But towards the end of the day yesterday, they started shoveling everything, so it should be almost... I mean, doesn't it become unsafe? Right after snow, even if they clear it out, isn't it unsafe for people to travel? It depends. Last time around, after the snow we had 2 weeks of really low temperatures, so everything became icy and really bad. This time it's not that. Tomorrow it's in the 40s, so a lot of the snow we had in the past couple days is expected to actually start melting in a big way. It would be interesting to see how it turns out. But yeah, I'm all for schools starting soon. Yes, yes. I think they should also ask for a weekend. I completely agree with that now. Right, absolutely. No second thought. I deal with day on and day off. Oh God. So, um, they have collected information, and unless there is anything else we want to start with—basically, we are tracking folks here in India and primarily what they are currently engaged with. The projects they are in, primary skills, and in terms of bandwidth that everyone has, which could be diverted towards full development or anything else. I can quickly share my screen and go through this if you want to do that right away, or if you want to take a look later, I can share that with you. No, if you have information starting with that. Yeah, yeah, I have it. Most of it I have. A few folks are yet to come back, so once they respond back, I can add the details here. Okay, so my screen is visible to all. Yes. Okay, so what I've tried to capture is dividing folks between whether they are primarily technical or functional. If technical, what are the primary technical skills they are expert in and a couple of other skills where they are maybe just learning or average. If functional, what is that one core functional area that they own. On top of that, the project they are currently assigned to—I've just mentioned Jira, not the specific project name—and the internal tool involvement, like what they're currently working on if there is any.