Process tonight the data from the 12th. Tomorrow we will do a correction for data that was submitted for the business date. Monday, we should be able to see what the actual output is from FI from a CAT perspective. These are 3 initial test cases, right? Did the delete CAT even get created? If it did, then okay, we know what needs to be done for it—delete and how our records need to look like. Second, did whatever that could get updated, right? If it's the route that we're changing, did the route record get updated with the correct connection ID or the session? That can be a blocker, so if it fails the test, then we'll have to go back to FI to see what we did wrong and what their expectation is. But that way, at least we know what we're building towards, what should be our end product when someone hits a button for delete. But I think it's important before today. Now we're losing you, Manan. I can't hear you, sorry. Prabakan, you can run with Daljit and Manan on the meeting. I need just like 5 to 10 minutes. There was a production issue on the China side and I just need to sync up with Alex and Sunil real quick. So just give me 10 minutes and I'll hop back on this call as well. Yes, sure, yeah. We might be moving the new business call as well on our side, Daljit, because Raf and Andrew have conflicts. Raf mentioned moving it, so we have additional time essentially. I need 11 for some time, but I can join back and see it. Can you go back to your diagram? I'll be back here. You can see it's stained. Can you go through it again, like around this area? Yeah. So you can ignore this validation path here. Maybe you can delete and add it back as well since this is something new. Let me just change the color so we have the difference. This is not done yet. Okay, let me just make it a different color there. Whatever we see in that color is going to be done in the future. This is also not determined yet. Actually, this is going to be validation from RAW or with CAT at CAT record level, but there'll be some validation, same like what we have for RAW errors actually. So that'll be consistent between them. But again, in terms of correction flow, this is something newly going to be introduced. So right now what we have here is a draw zone. We have these orders, routes, trades, and allocations, and they all pick up for T minus one. If you run the report today, we'll go for the day before and we pick up these records. So I put that here as T minus one again. Although we go and pull from source instance again, we pull T minus one for CAT. And then we pull the same error records for T, actually for today's report date, actually. So because we get the next day only, right? For that, we'll pull that. So all these 3 RAW will have the error because...