Makes sense, though. So all the bugs and everything should be addressed. When they come, they have to go to the silent eye. We look back and buy them. There's actually a lot of disabled at your end. I don't know, I don't mind. I'm reading it. I think you can continue. Can you hear me fine now? Hello? Yeah, I can hear you. Yes, I can. All I was just saying is we should use how today you send those five points and stuff, right, from your review? Move that over to the larger chat instead of the internal chat with us, so that you can also see, you know, tag on the cheetahs and stuff. Oh, like good. Okay, so also just to highlight, I mean, you know, that one error and also I actually saw your message with FI is late, you know, which you were not able to find in Snowflake, but I was able to find the 2063 on the Prabakaran UI. No, no good. And then the other JDO issue also that we found, right? Where it was excluded and all the Regnaport train report is correct. We should mark that as excuse. Yeah, because that's finding out an issue, you know. And we can work with FIs, but anyway, I don't want to derail this. We can talk about details and specifics after. Sorry, useless. No worries. All right, come back to this. So yeah, I was gonna jump into this bulk correction management, that sort of mechanism for doing the bulk corrections because of that wire dry gram that we worked on yesterday. Did we just go through the high level plan as well in terms of what me and you discussed internally? Yeah, taking on some of the validation into okay. Oh yeah, yes, maybe I might have missed a validation engine port. But yeah, well, how we're gonna divvy up the work between you know the Disha month, the daily cadence of reviewing the dashboard and all that stuff. So we did cover that, didn't cover the validation engine. But maybe let's talk about that for a sec. Yes, no. So just at a high level? Yeah, go on. Yes, you can do. No, no, go ahead. Yeah, go for it, go for it. No, just at a high level, I want to cover the fact that so error corrections and obviously submission, somebody, whatever bugs we need to fix, they're definitely going to be like prioritized on our end. But there are some mutually exclusive items that we don't need full reliance on theatre corrections functionality or like the entirety of submissions summary dashboard, such as the MIS controls and like the validation engine that we want to go work completely. I'm going to have Isha start working on that too, along with the reviews that she's doing, given that 605 by 606 is coming to a close.