Okay, this is a bathroom also on... Hey, hey, man. Hey, you all folks. Okay, super. No, I feel like a date of... When did I eat like, I'll do a follow-up again on Monday. I think ninth only we can go ahead with it just now. Late and then, which ticket were you working on? 073 and 76573, right? Yeah, 73, yeah. Um, yeah. Update from we made quite a lot of changes. I mean, it's not captured in this era, but I think Isla knows we have been doing so many changes, so many testing. I'm not sure like it went too broad. I just thought, okay, loves are something in broad as well if something happened. Whether Manan can go and use something in broad. I'm just waiting for do some analysis. I did. Yeah, I didn't trigger it for any business date, but I made those changes but often. So that's great. The one that you tested yesterday with the updates, that one isn't brought now. We should be able to trigger it for any day. No, no, the thing is that we need to delete the existing data and then run it actually because we changed the tracking ID logic, right? Because of that, it might be different. Tell me like one or two dates that you think I should delete the data for and then we can run it for those dates. I want which dates Manan feels good, actually. Given that he's here, I just wanted to learn from him like any specific days he feels wherever he was taking, he facing. I mean, any, I mean, any, we can take 30th, actually, because 30th p.m. we have the product also, everything is accurate. So 38 is something like uh. But 30th had a Jan 30th had a problem, right? They didn't have winter files. Let's take from somewhere in uh, somewhere in February. Like after February 6th or something like that. Mm-hmm. Okay, it takes some ninth, I suppose. Make sure that they have window files for that day as well. Okay. Yeah. Yep, ninth or 10th up, you can take. Third 9 is one. Okay. Maybe one more date, if you just know, then we'll try to run for it and analyse it and then we'll be in good shape actually. So. Okay, good. Okay, yeah. And how much the how long the ticket would be there? It will be closing today. Should we close it out by today? Yeah, it'll be closing today. Let me see. Okay. Fine, okay. Then if it's like small changes, sure we can pickle with an op CM or something, but if it's any major changes that we can't do. Understand. Okay. Makes sense. Yeah, um, yes, man. So, yeah, so this one, right, I'll capture the whole information into Jira, uh, once the whole change is finished. Uh, I think it should be done by, you know, tomorrow, most likely you'll have some clear results captured here, yeah. Okay, so uh, uh, so the team currently working on 2 tickets, right? 2067 and 2073. Any more tickets like uh, we want to start working on Prabhatran? We had we had to do something for the low draw pot of it, and we had to plan the 2nd iteration of it where we need to approval thing. But I think it's makes sense only after... I was I was... I was wondering, like,