Hey Disha, good morning. Yeah, it's an idea. Hey, other folks. Were you able to make any changes to the data to stay? Oh, I did something. Can you validate this one? Can you check the date for January 20th? If it feels relevant for you, whatever testing you are doing, I can check. January 20th, right? Yeah, okay. On Dave, actually, not in broad. So I just wanted to ensure everything works fine. Yeah, because I don't want to take it abroad without sign-off, like where folks completely say that it could work. We can go there, the same link, right? In the same link. Yeah, that's all, right? Yeah, I sent it to Manan also because he was also going on the product. What are you waiting? 20th, right? It's on 28th, yeah. So now we need to compare against the database. You can give cat, maybe a youth cat. Oh no, no. Event is no cat, right? MON, was it? Yeah. We can check for specific event or all data. No, whatever analysis you did before, just repeat that here and see what it is. Plus, the main thing I want to understand is like why there are a lot of catty ones without corresponding PTC records. So that's my question you need to understand. I was expecting to understand that from Kislaya maybe. So yeah, it's just Mono. I'm sure it might tell you all the mono are there. The gowns are matching, but that's false information. Actually, you know, there is around 287 plus 46, 9040. I don't know, 330 or 340 only really, uh, PTC is there, right? But remaining out of 881, everything else is some guy. No, I don't think those. Why don't they call them SM? Do you have any assumption? I'm not sure. Is that a different source? Maybe FI is pulling somewhere else and giving it to us, maybe from external films. I am not really sure about why we don't have, because if we take those order IDs, if we search across the database, I don't find any records either in PTC routes or PTC orders. So that's, I mean, I didn't filter on any data itself, right? Just the whole database itself, not finding anything. No, it's not working. Okay, so we got a total of... Yeah, yeah, if you see that, some of these records there. See, the action type is empty, symbol is empty, right? Look at that, the 5th and 6th one. Those actually don't have PTC records. They have only cat. So it just pulled it here to show here. Oh no, associated TDC record, but they have cat records. But that's not possible, right? Without it being in PTC logically. That's the case, my understanding. But if you take those order IDs which you see there, look, take the transaction ID there. Yeah, and search for it in the database, you don't find it anywhere at any date. No, no, you need to select that, you know, like you normally select that, right? Not double-click. You need to drag it. Yeah, yeah. Okay, so when you try to check these order IDs, then you are unable to find them in PTC, but you can't record the presence.