Sorry, let me forward you the goal I created. I initially created it in Gusto, then I need to change it to Excel format, which has been shared with me. I'll do that. I have a catch-up with Rockul tomorrow to discuss my goal, but I thought I should review it with you first before speaking with him. Yeah, and I want to take a look at it first. Just let me forward it to you.

See, I think this is what we discussed long back regarding wealth management, right? Yeah. Even there, ultimately, I think we need to be creating a wealth management data platform. Right? Like, similar to how we have a right platform and a compliance platform, wealth management as a domain needs to have its own platform so that we are able to bring in all the data that we require. Similar to how we have FEDESSA and real-time feeds for institutional trades, we will need to bring in similar kinds of things from a wealth management custodian standpoint.

Okay. Today we are using Pershing as one of the largest custodians. They give various files—some 30 odd files—which I've shown to you guys in the past. Let me just pull that up. I saw that in the Teams; you listed some names, some four-letter terms, quite a few. Yeah, I mean, you can go ahead. I need to ask you in detail about that once I see it, but I see you listed some names like four-letter names and multiple source names. Correct, macro names. So that's basically available. Just ping this team as well. I would upload this to Teams, like in the past.

See, just like how FEDESSA has its own final formats and gives you five different files—telling you this is my order, here's my executions file, here's my audit file, and so on—every wealth management custodian also makes their data available in their own format. Okay. Pershing has made their data available via various standard files. They have some 30 plus files that we subscribe to today. And similarly, let's say we use a different custodian—BNY Mellon, for example. Maybe there are ten different top custodians in the world. Broadridge? Are they a custodian? No, right? Broadridge, they're also there for a lot of international business. A lot of wealth management businesses—let's ask. Yeah, I can search it. Um, I only really have the Excel list name here, but I assume BNY or Mellon, right? So that's an example. Maybe for now we'll go with that.