Let's say, I think that asserting the columns and fields that we want is important. I understand what you're saying. One of the activities we want to do in general, and I spoke to Stephen about this as well, is using the same client ID instead of an API key, having a migration to essentially use that directly. Whatever approach we take, we'll take the SF onboarding class piece that Audiology has, and we're going to have to rewrite at least the checks that you guys are doing. We'll get rid of those and just keep the base skeleton, which is doing the update. And then we only have, even within the codebase, the Python scripts or whatever—they're already parameterized in the sense that if it's something specific that we're doing from a data pulling standpoint, that gets done separately. We should be able to do what you're saying. Even right now, I think with the Hashi changes from a maintenance standpoint, if all we would need to change tomorrow is the credentials or the version, the way the world client is already structured, I think it should automatically pick up those changes without requiring any code update on the script side. I don't think that should be an issue. One test that we'll definitely be able to do is when we do the migration to client ID instead of XAPI key on our side—just to see if it's only one place that we would have to change it, which is maybe the world client, or if we now need to go into each individual script and update that reference. We can test that on our side to see if we have to change it in only one place—the world client—then perfect. I think we can just have something separate to maybe run one script, but you know, make no changes. I had a discussion, I told mom to think about it and speak next week, probably next week. I just have a question about why we're doing it. Maybe there's a good reason. There is no people reason. But then we have to think about creating a common function, which we don't have to change every time. Other than that, there is some very specific code that we've written, which again we should not intervene with. I'm for it. Yeah, that's okay. Let me get the inventory and stuff like that, and then I'll take a look with her, or at least have a discussion first class. Okay. How do you want to kick it off? By the way, I showed Ajit the UAT UI context piece, that change that we made, Prabakaran. And I have—