Okay, so we're all hooked up? Yeah, you didn't have to go by the park, you just use the same one on this? Yeah, nice. Hey Jesus, hey Baba, how are you? I'm great. Thank you, good, good. I was just messaging that this is running a few minutes late. Okay, Leon should be coming on. We were just talking to him a moment ago. It's okay, I'm dragging him into Mary's place and things myself. All good. How's everybody? Happy New Year if I haven't said so already. Yeah, happy New Year. How's the family? How's the parenting line, Jesus? Remind me what changed in your life, kid? One wife, two wives? What changed? No, yeah, we had the baby. He's about to be 6 months soon. But it's certainly humbling by this time. Some women say you know, no project plan works with a baby, yeah? Jesus, yeah, exactly. And you know, because you want the toy and things, nothing works, you know? Yeah, I can imagine. How come you're doing this at such a stupid o'clock? I don't know, I thought I was awake, so yeah. Okay, why not? What's better to do than talk to me, right? I just sort of expected Dalji to move the timing around. Guys, feel free to bring it earlier in the day. I don't want you to stay up that late, at least not for me. If the rest of the team requires you to be up, then that's required. Are you in India as well? Yep, yeah. Okay, likewise, I don't know why we're keeping people awake for this meeting. If you're awake, you should be doing some work. Anyway, Kisler is not around. Jesus was... Yeah, okay. I could give some updates in the meantime in terms of where we are. I can cover updates on the CAT air correction dashboard that we're building out. He was going to cover some updates on 605, 606, and then if we had some time, CAT as well. But I can present just really briefly where we are with the CAT corrections to save us some time. Yeah, you're enjoying it? Me and Adele, sorry, me and Daljeet were... No worries, say go on, let me continue. Okay, perfect. Thank you. So where we are with the submissions. Right, so we have this as sort of a two-prong approach, right? The first is the submission summary page that shows us that based on PTC to CAT life cycle, we're making sure everything hits every point in that pipeline and goes through as expected at each point. And then there's an actual error correction and issue remediation phase, which is what we're moving into this year. And the two should talk seamlessly with one another, right? You should be able to look at the submissions dashboard, and if you want to select records to do error corrections on, you know, you can go from there.