Like, figure it out. Either we use Uber, videos, places, and then start taking the train within the city, or I don't know. I think that part I'll speak to her over the weekend in terms of what we want to do. I have a backup car, so whatever you do, just don't rent a car. Yeah, no, I'm not planning to rent a car for sure. I got a psych vehicle. I would recommend in DC everything is walkable. You know, with the train station that's 10 minutes away, you could drive to that train station with our car, park it outside the train station, and then just train everywhere inside of DC. Yeah, yeah, no. I've already been, right? And I'm pretty sure she's also been. So I'm not trying to go like around the White House area and stuff like that. Well, the museums are awesome. If you haven't been to the National Art Gallery, it's a 10 out of 10 recommendation. It is absolutely phenomenal. You cannot see it all in a single day. It is so spectacular. No, no, I definitely want to go to the museums. I also want to see if I can go to the Smithsonian cause I've never been and I'm really interested. If you can do, I'm gonna be honest, the one in New York is a lot better. Really? The Air and Space one? Oh, the natural history. No, the Air and Space is actually really good. You gotta get your tickets at least 24 hours in advance. They're still free, you just gotta book it. Let me just ping Daljit as well. Yeah, the Air and Space. Everybody loves going there. It's a really, really tough museum. We went during the summer and it was really cool. So I would recommend that one as well. Yeah, that one I haven't been to, so that one I really wanted to go to. Yeah, the natural history. Definitely New York has a better natural history this year. Okay, okay. I've just been texting Daljit to see if he's gonna be joining. He's in another Zoom meeting but he's accepted the meeting. Yeah, let's see, maybe he got pulled into something else. Let's clear this EXT or ref number field in PTC. Like, does it get populated whenever the order ref number for the opposite form, right? It's not always the opposite form. See, the thing is, it's basically what the system is receiving from another system. That can be an external system, so another firm, or it can also be an internal system. So EXC order ref is essentially what the system has received. So if you see an EXC order ref in Raptor, that means Raptor has gotten an order from somewhere. Sometimes it could be Fidessa, sometimes it could be RealTick, or sometimes it could be an external system, right? So in this example, you're seeing the order come in from NP and T, and the order IDs look very much like RealTick.