See, I don't know, depends on what they showed me in their yard. It's like 20 inches. It's insane. It's been snowing for the past at least 12 hours now, probably. Yeah, completely since last night. Yeah, like yesterday I went and watched a football game at a friend's house, and that was around 12 p.m. It was just starting to snow over there at that time, but nothing was sticking because the weather wasn't cold enough. Yeah, it was like flurries, right? So it was really wet snow, yeah. But now it's just, they even put out a blast communication or whatever, saying that no public vehicles, any non-emergency vehicle, they're not allowed to be outside after 6, 8 p.m. yesterday till 7 p.m. today. So there's no car traffic outside. We don't, we're not half as bad. We're not half as bad. Like, we got maybe an inch or so. Okay, okay. Hey, can you see? Taylor, folks, good morning, Dreamy. Funny. Yeah, real quick, I just want to extend a thank you for the book recommendation. Phoenix Project, 10 out of 10. I'm already almost 200 pages deep and it's a really good read. Oh, that's great to hear, but no, it wasn't having the one you were expecting. I think you explicitly were asking about documentation, right? I'm not sure, was it covered that much? Yeah, well, no, it's in there, right? So it is in there. Like one of the first things that they start doing is they need to start writing down their change control processes. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, that was it. Absolutely. Even though it doesn't explicitly call it out, every piece of the puzzle has that written communication aspect to it. I recommend that book. You know, it's a really good review. In some parts of it I'm getting so angry, in other parts I'm like, oh my god, we have the same problems, and in other parts I'm just like, what is going on? It's been really good. Actually, the overarching solution they probably get towards is how good development pipeline we have, I guess. So I think where we should add more controls to it actually. That's where they brought that in, you know, to inspire us to get into the DevOps mode. Before that, we had been making changes like building artifacts, copying it from this server to that server in the file system and manually deploying, creating a document for deployment and all these things, right? So this won't change that, yeah. Yeah, no, it's a really good read. Thanks for the recommendation. I really enjoyed it. Good. Yeah, my manager just messaged me to be like five minutes late. All right, this is the Phoenix book. It's, no, I got it on Amazon. I'm sure you can find it online for free. But the book is Phoenix Project, right? Yeah, the Phoenix. Yeah, yeah, no, it's, and one of the scenes I got...