Okay, let me see if she's good. Let's start. Uh, I know Kiss Label join us at 9. Some of you have to drop by then. Let me kick it off and go through it. So we had the first version of this. Yeah, he had the first version of this last week when unfortunately I couldn't join because I was super sick early part of last week. But I would have initiated the call. The goal is I'm bringing this group together as the group that is now going to start driving some of our initiatives, right? A lot of you are aware that over the last year we had some great progress with tool development. We've been consistent actually with LinkedIn posts, but that's sort of gone off the radar now. So there have been a lot of initiatives that this group has led and taken to completion over the last year, but it hasn't been a solo effort. It's been concentrated around a few people based on when folks were available. My goal here is to make this group really accountable and own our initiatives going forward. I've taken a crack at what's on the roadmap for now, but this is not a conversation where I'm talking to you guys urgently about what we need to do. It's a collective effort, and I'm hoping we can start collaborating on this in a more meaningful manner going forward. What I've done—let me pull up my screen. I tried this with everyone. I've started listing out what we've done so far in terms of tool development, primarily AVR, and then started a list of other initiatives and activities. Actually, give me one second, guys. I want to see if Sheridan can join as well. I would love for him to be on this. Here's my goal for this call, but it's an open call. I would love to get everyone involved here, right? What I started doing is for each of the tools, each of the initiators are listing out the different tools we are building, where we are with each tool in terms of the progress we've made so far, what the end goal capability is, what's the next milestone, and when we're targeting that milestone. I've gone down the list for everything we've done so far and everything that's been planned. I'm hoping as part of this call we can go through this, validate this list today, and see if this makes sense. I've assigned some ownership, but I'm more than happy for people to raise their hands and say I would like to be a part of this other thing as well. There are a few people—I don't have your name on any of this because you've been involved in a lot of these pulling everything together. But if there are things that you would want to own with some others, let me know.