This is more about the Girod from last year. So let's do the co-pilot, right? So that has cinder error codes and appendix with linkage and Jassinera, you know, and right around codes, which CFTC doesn't have. So Katika and I had a discussion about this. There's no search functionality, particularly other than file ID for now. This is not for the user, but for me while testing so I can actually use this to form these clusters or scanners. So for the time being, I'm using this list of filters based on which part, because CFTC has different parts. Then I cluster reasons because the same reason can show up twice since obviously one field can be validated for multiple reasons. And then this chat, once you select a cluster, will explain to you what this cluster is about and suggest fixes. It summarizes your context and has a Jira preview, which will load instantly right here. And once I say create Jira, it's going to connect to our Atlassian cloud and create this ticket here. I think it's done and I'm being great. This is a structural schema that's being produced. The timestamp that it's being produced is the file ID, which is something I'm using now, the part whether it's 45, 40, or 5, and what shield it is, the number of rules that are affected, and the reason. The context of the rule is directly fetched from the Xandee that I've set down for CFTC. And as you can see, the values are all cardinality basically how many times it can appear. The requirement required is something I think is imperative for everyone. See, great friends required for this particular scene, et cetera. And then the same control in case a new user wants to correct them or even mark them as okay, no, this is something that I expect. This is exactly what's happening. I just listened to radiation also, which is of an Excel mode storing daytime values and backslash backslash MMDD. Why, why, why, why? But if you want to have UPC dates, then you're probably going to have YYYY dash MM dash DD, and then the timestamp is required. So that's the suggested fix that you should pass your date into the required format and not use Excel style values. And the tracking is done. Essentially, this Jira ticket covers everything that is to do for this particular ratio. I think I did. Yeah, I did because of what our initial plan was. I did it with no, we haven't done yet. I see, because the initial pair was a little different and there was another layer which was actually creating the correction file for you. So the GMC creating the connection file is going to be very difficult because in that, I understand that we're using CAT as a benchmark, but yes, not how it works in the CFTC world.