I didn't have anybody with that. We know from another interview call. So regarding the mandatory compliance training, I saw that there's 2024 as well as some for 2025. I'm not sure why it's like that. That's why I was thinking about it, then I started doing all of them again just to close them out because the deadline is tomorrow. So I'm closing them out by today. Yeah, maybe. I don't know. Maybe I think it's an issue. Sometimes they have bugs. The 2024 doesn't make sense, but if you get it right now. I didn't realize that. Anyways, let's go to the agenda. Let's see that. Yeah, if you would like to break it up, should we bring up the plan? Chocolate milk? Yep. Alright, okay. So the plan is over here. We are currently working on these things that are going to close some items out. Let's start from the top. So 1828: add trade allocations to the submission status view, right? This is adding the allocations alongside all of the other items already in the submission status. There was a dependency here that had to be satisfied first, which was that the underlying PTC table for the applications has to be populated. And I believe that went out yesterday. So the dependency is satisfied as of yesterday. Now we're getting data. I can't yet confirm this because I assume this morning we'll start getting data for allocation and PTC. I'm not sure if you had to confirm that. Yeah, but awesome. Confirmed. Confirmed with my team as well. But we had a bunch of changes that we implemented yesterday, right? Along with, I think, a lot of the bug fixes and stuff that we initially planned. And I think this week, well towards the end of the week, we want to add in specific stuff from Vidisha's end as well in terms of a contribution to include like the net space filtering and everything that's also going on. So that, at least from an inclusion-exclusion perspective, all of those values are updated as per even looking at some of the internal tables, right? I think for the base PDC stuff that we see from the front door of the office OMS systems, that includes an exclusion is already set. But yes, assured. Correct. Yep, yeah, and that's what I was going to get to as well. Thank you KSA. So in addition to putting that out, let me get that shift on items as well. In addition to putting that in, the team also put out, like they said, a couple of bugs that needed to get fixed. And some of those items went out as well. Like, rag yards for source is found based as well as refactor cat error join logic for the business date. The tendency. That went out as well as a couple of minor bug fixes just so you're aware. Every day, as part of our scrub, we're making sure the fun is going to the reg UI and to make sure that it's actually useful.