Hey, good morning everyone. How's it going? Good, thanks. Good morning. Did you have your exams earlier this week? Yeah, done. Nice, how'd that go? Not bad. All right, guys, in the interest of time, let's kick off. JROM or Siddharth, whoever wants to go first.

All right, I can go first. So on my end, I've completed the migration of that tool to the AWS surface. I took a repository, and for the last 2 to 3 working days, I've only been working on setting up and making sure all the features that we need for data will work. The only setback was that we had to spend some time removing the ECS and then adding them back. But now at least we are finding it working, and we're set on using it. So for the rest of the team, for any of the projects or apps you're going to add to this repository, I think it's essential that we get an understanding. If any of you struggle with using ECS or any of the other AWS services, just let us know. We can discuss and maybe have a couple of training sessions. I think ProvokeNorth has some cloud experience, and there are some others with cloud experience too. So we can do a couple of sessions and get everyone else up to speed as well. That's the update from my end. Thank you.

All right, who wants to go next? I kind of want to. Sure. So these two weeks I've been working on adding a few other features based on feedback. The first part is the transcripts that can generate multiple action items rather than just one, and a separate section for meeting notes on the PM tool. Then the Kanban board and the Gantt chart. These are the couple of features I'm working on right now, and probably by the end, I should be done with these. On the second part, I'm also working on the CRM, but some features I still need to add. So these are the updates on the PM tool and the CRM website.

When do you want to have your next catch-up so we can check in on progress? I think today I have a call with Crescent and Nandini. Yesterday evening I also had a call with them, so I can probably add you to that call. That's okay. Just send me the details and if I can join, I'll try to, but yeah, no promises. Yep, sure.

Rachel, did you want to go next? Yeah, I can go next. So Sho and I have started looking at how we want to migrate the surveillance touring to the AWS platform as well. I was out of office from Monday to Tuesday, so I think he has spun up a different version of the configuration. I'm going to start doing the same first for prioritization and then actually build the platform guide.