Hey Ajjun, hello Adrian. How are you? Good, sir. How are you doing? Going on, sir. Exam tomorrow is finishing, so. Okay, today also we have an exam? Not today. Okay. But after this, the next exam is gonna be 3 months later, is it? Yeah, around the end of September. Yeah, end of September, right? Second half of September. Okay, good. So at least after this, until the end of the project, you don't have to worry about exams. Yeah, true, yeah. I thought I'd share a screen with you to explain this whole thing, but if you're not in front of the machine, that's fine. I can explain to you, right? Not at an incredible machine. I don't need to know all of it. Like, I don't need to see the things. You just explain to me. Yeah. Okay, so what happened and what the combination has been so far, right? Yeah, yeah. Okay. So what happened on Saturday? On Saturday night, right? So the whole Saturday and Saturday night, I was trying to do research and trying to pull a lot of notes on how to do this and try to execute this model to predict error categories and stuff, right? So I was trying to put together a clear plan. We had access to Claude right now, right? So I tried to use that. That's advanced, right? And then it also has browser capability to browse us as well. I used these tools and did that to create a plan, right? Once a plan was created, the way I can take it into Jeffries to use the plan is, I don't think I can send an email or something. I checked it into a repository, my personal repository. Then I did a git pull into Jeffries because you can always do git pull. All the firm supports pulling anything from a repository, but they won't support pushing it back. So I pulled that plan and then executed it in our Claude and in Snowflake, and it executed well. I got some results. Review and improvement are probably needed. I'll probably need to do multiple versions, but the first version had some metrics and stuff. So I wanted to save it so I can show folks later or something like that. So I want to keep it in such a way that I should be able to resume later whenever something like this comes again. I should be able to pull from that with the whole details there. So I tried to put it into the same repo. There are two concepts, right? Remote as well as local, right? Git always has that. So git repository, I pulled into my local LBDA as a git command line. My changes from remote are here as well as my local Snowflake changes. I wanted to add into it. So I asked Claude. Yeah, the Jeffries environment. So the repo, my private repo, I pulled into Jeffries LBDA, which logically shouldn't be able to pull or push anything back from that. It's just only for pulling.