It's Aquarium, you know, it's kind of like a plug-in check query that you can use, right? So if you're doing a testing for today, that same query should be reproducible in terms of results for any order that you want to check out tomorrow, right? So we just need to architect it in that fashion. That's all I'm trying to get at. We don't have to make a stored procedure and like a task or anything, but yeah. Yeah, just thinking down the line because it is a really powerful query, so how does this incorporate a regular workflow? Correct. Yeah, I tried to change it, but I think there's a lot of things going on for the routes and the trades, right? So it's not able to fetch those particular trades and routes. But yeah, I'm trying to rechange it. No, okay, no makes sense. But just set up a call with me so that we can go through it in detail. Thirty minutes to an hour or something like that, and we can just walk through it step by step. And if anything needs, you know, maybe a table reference needs to be changed or anything, we can do that. Great job. We don't have any new updates, Chris. I can just focus on the other direction piece only. So the main updates right now are George put out the change on his side to fix the suppressors on the ACE when modification messages were going to INCR. He put that change out on Saturday. He also put a change out on his side for the mint quantity in the leaves quantity. So we should check that out. That is nets, right? No, no, no. When I say George, George will never make any changes to nets. George is only going to make changes to PTS. So right over here, the ticket that you have in testing, second one, 188 foot. That one is George. So you can mention that the release was done yesterday. And we shouldn't be getting those errors again, essentially. Yeah. Okay. Those are the only two options. Yeah, yeah, go on. This MEOT, I think this TWS alert. So I'm going to give you some information on this. There is some, this is not something that's happening daily, but I want to get to the bottom of what is exactly happening. We have a workaround for this, but I want to just look at this a little deeper. Manan, me and you should maybe have a call, maybe earlier tomorrow sometime, 8:30 to like 9, just me and you, so that we can just clean up a little bit of the Jira board. I think there's a few items that I want to add to the backlog as well. Just ahead of the call that we have with Daljit. We also have a call with Daljit today, right? Some monthly update. There is a monthly update call as well, yes. Actually, yeah, maybe after the call with hisses, we can take a look at that. But then Mansi woke up, update is what? I am honestly not sure. It's Diljit's call where mainly Aditya is there. See the monthly call is with Aditya. That's the...