I didn't get to walk the dogs, but I did just about everything else. I should be good. So what time would you be set up for working? This morning was just a little complicated because I was tired, but normally what I do is wake up around 6:30 or 7 o'clock in the morning. I'll get the babies their milk ready, feed the dogs around 8 o'clock, and walk them. So by about 8:30, my routine is done. I'll have read a little bit, have my tea, the baby's good, the dogs are good, and then my first call usually starts around 8:30 anyway. Good timing, but today the first call was at 8 and I had gotten no sleep, so I literally answered it from my bed and then ran downstairs to get everything going. This daylight savings thing always messes with me, man. Yeah, yeah, painful. Yeah. So this meeting is scheduled by her, right? I think Swagatika. We were consulted for this time actually, despite that. This one was set up by the start. I think this is the one that he set up after talking with us this morning. Oh, this one, yeah, this is fine, yeah. Okay, I see. Yeah, bro, we told the team to set something up to talk with us today. Oh, I see. The other one that's called—is it? This is the internal tool development column now. Oh, this one? Okay, the internal tool development that we had this morning was set up by Swagatika. I requested her to set up that one. Oh, I see, okay, makes sense. Okay, this is the one call. Got it. It's just one little day. Yeah, yeah, this is one of the future tasks. Here, guys. Yeah, how are you doing? Oh, things are good. Um, well, we went to Bravel's dinner on Friday. It was pretty fun. The entire team was there. We all missed you. Yeah, I heard he had some big news to deliver. Yeah, Rahul's actually moving to India. I'm pretty sure you all didn't know. Yeah, oh, I hear that, yeah, yeah. Okay, so nice. So you guys had a dinner? Nice. So I think it's like within a month or so, right? Or? I think sometime in May he's planning to actually wrap up from here and then move. Okay. Good for us to have him here when you... Yeah, he's talking about setting up a proper structure in India as well. Mm-hmm, nice. Take a sleep. Hey, Gisli. Who's this? Hello. Good morning. Yes, sir. Good morning. I couldn't talk to you for quite a long time. Yeah, you were off two days, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. You talk on the Jeffrey side today? Yeah, yeah. So I was speaking with the physician about it. We made good progress, but I think they also had a few questions just around the whole file movement and doing the place and everything that we discussed. Okay, so that makes sense. Definitely, yeah. Okay. So cool. See that you want to start? Yeah, and I'm sure...