Hey Shido, good evening. How are you? Good to have you. Thank you, all good man, I'm good. Early morning here, yeah probably around 7 or 8 actually with daylight saving. Makes sense, yeah. Good morning everyone. Let's see, we're missing a few people but nothing we need to wait on. Let me just send them invitations so they can join. I'll request a couple of people to join the call. My name's on here and who else are we thinking about for the BA part? So Manon Kumar and Utar potentially. Yeah, but I would like to have Sharin on as well to explain the assignment. Alright, okay. I think we have just about everybody. Let's go ahead and get started. I'll kick us off today. I'm really excited about what we were able to accomplish on Friday, Siddharth and I. So just so you know JR, we actually did migrate the RIA tool. We decided to give it a crack ourselves because it wasn't all that straightforward. It wasn't particularly complicated but it wasn't straightforward. We had to do a couple of things and the good news is Claude did this, right? So it's not like it took the whole day, it took a couple of hours. We actually had to convert the front end into a Docker image because there was no Docker file for the front end. Then TypeScript kept throwing errors on the compilation to turn it into a Docker image. Then we actually connected it to the ALB, the load balancer. I think there's just a few things that had to be done there. Claude handled most of it, it was super straightforward. We got that done. Sorry that we did that without you JR, but I wanted to give you that update. That's fine, it wouldn't have been done without it. There is still some work to be done on it though. The latest code is on the repository and what's missing is that it's not connected to the database. That portion of the code does need to change. Some changes definitely still have to be made. I'm probably just going to ask Claude to help us out with that again. But that's a huge milestone. We have our first application like running on AWS and we could actually visit the website and see it running, which is unprecedented for all of our tools. I really hope that by the end of this week we get a couple more tools up there. Could you share the link for that? Yeah, it's on the AWS infrastructure.