The 19th is our deadline to get this completed. Now, going back, there is this ticket that has to be done after the first ticket. We have assigned Malta for this week, and the Sydney team will take it up. She will finish the previous ticket, then take this ticket on the 19th. This is not a big ticket, so one day should be enough. The 28th is our final deadline, which is Thursday. Even if we push to Friday, Malta would be completing 4 tickets on our site. Vitisha has been assigned 2 tickets: create correction audit trail table, which is a very simple one-story-point task. We get this tomorrow, and after that, this ticket has to be followed by another ticket. The deadline is Thursday or Friday. This can only be done after the previous ticket is completed.

Now, the expectation from the team is that if anything is assigned to them, they should ensure they open the ticket and read it carefully. Once they read the ticket and see the deadline, they need to complete whatever needs to be done. Whoever needs to be spoken to, whatever information is needed, they need to gather it. The onus is on the person who is the owner of the ticket or to whom it has been assigned to coordinate with other teammates, find a slot, and get all the information needed.

For these particular tickets, which we will be sharing on Teams, we are very strict with deadlines. If anyone is missing a deadline, we expect them to inform us in advance that they will not be able to achieve it and explain the reasons. We expect them to mention it in the group so that if there is any dependency involved, it is highlighted that we are missing the deadline because of this particular dependency. This is how me and Prabakaran thought about it, and we would be happy to hear your thoughts.

So it sounds like you guys did a lot of backlog grooming on your own earlier this morning. But aside from that, how we carry forward is like this: both Manta and Disha, Manta and Inisha, we would be assigning a set of 2 to 3 tickets with very short deadlines and expectations to complete them. Similarly, this might be the case with other folks as well. I am taking the example of Manta, which I have open right now. But all folks will be assigned tickets with one...