Hey folks, good morning, good evening. Is Jesus on today? I don't see him. He joined other calls as well. Hey guys, good morning. Hey, Christian, good morning. Oh, he is actually on another call. Do we need him here? I can ask him to maybe join here in a couple of minutes. Okay, so I just wanted him to validate the schemas for LI and FFC so that Jairam and Vidan can actually generate all the required data. I think Vedant already did. Yeah, I can find it. I just asked Jesus to do the same thing. He's sort of busy at the moment, but as soon as he's finished, he's going to look into my schema and then the data sits and pass route. Yeah, I can update my data set as well as needed. Okay, cool. So once he's done and gets free, he can maintain the steamers for both and just has to let you guys know, right? And you have already started with onto you and their army have already started working on generating the data sets. Yeah, yeah. Okay, and we have the steps for alert disposition. I think Utka shared in the morning. Okay, let me see what's the best approach to integrate that, or if we need a separate tool which can be integrated out of this one. Because I have the architecture for trait surveillance assistance, maybe I can leverage that. Oh, he's here. Yeah, sorry I'm late. I was catching up with urgent matters. I let them know that you were on the other call. I think with you, they're just pending the schema validation for LI and SSE. Yeah, sorry, I know J-Ram set that out last night and this morning I was pretty booked, so I didn't have a chance. Can you bring me through what changes you made to the schema to make it workable? What are we looking at? Sure, just if you could quickly cover your changes that way we could just get that approved in less than five minutes. Okay, I think to jump into the DC, just give me a minute. Yeah, we can see the screen. That's coming up. So nothing much has changed, except I think there are a couple of tables that should have been included in this schema just for the data generation purpose. One of those was related to balance. Right now we just have a snapshot of the balance, not a historical trace. So if we were to generate an alert and we want to know in which month the alert is responsible for because of the balance tripping off and generating, that is something that was not accounted for. Yes, so is that what you added? Just that one table? Yeah, so the congratulation snapshot is one of them. So I'm going at one at a time. This is something...