Give us the full logic so that Susie can also confirm on her side. But Raf is getting Susie to take complete ownership of that too. We've already gone through the UI and how she can pull up any kind of audit reports on her side. So the two records which are included—she thinks that should not be included. She didn't see or doesn't think it should be included or excluded yet. She's mainly had questions about the away shares being executed at the price that they're executed at. And we have the PTC events, or at least where that was sourced from. Yeah, you think it's not an issue? What do you think is non-issue, right? It looks... yeah, yeah. We have spent many months on comparison, right? We've been matching some. Is there something she found—a difference between IHS and us and Finance, right? Uh, since, let me check if it was a difference. She mainly just had questions on those. So she reached out earlier this week with that specific question and let me see if she sent us... one second, it's okay. There we go. You looking for it? I'm looking for, yeah, I got Susie's here. Let me share my screen. So those two ones seem to be additional. This is Susie? I just... if these two ones. I think mainly she had questions on the away shares. She didn't mention I don't have headers over here. She didn't say anything about being additional to me, at least not on the actual away shares that are there. But let me ask her if she thinks it's an additional thing as well, because I didn't check the IHS report. Hmm, okay. Yeah, let me ask her if she thinks it's additional or if these two are okay to be in there based off the RYLJ file, and let me see if I have that file as well. Yeah, and FI is taking a look at the PTC so that they can tell us where that specific Asia piece is sourced from. The one other thing—so we spoke to Mort as well. He reached out today, so he's able to access the resolved all of his access issues and everything, and he's able to go in and see the alerts on his side. There are three instances though that he said are not held items being included. And we ran through those with FI as well. In the underlying data though, those records seem to be as held. So they look to be held orders at least from our perspective, but for some reason Mort is saying that they're not held orders. So that's something that I think is more of a fitness issue, or at least some clarification is needed from Fidelity's side as to why that was marked as held when Mort is seeing it as not held. Well, I don't know what we see. We see it as held. We see it as held. Mort is saying that not held orders present. What he's basically saying is that they're not held orders. But we see them as held based on the data, right?