Figure out a time that works where we can actually dedicate to it. Because all of us end up executing a lot, right? You get deep down with what you're doing, we forget our goals of what we should be doing rather than getting buried in the same tasks. It's the same for me as well, right? I end up cancelling calls. We're only going to end up talking to you guys, and that doesn't help. So unless we as a leadership group, at least for Jeffries, connect together, the way we coach and train our people is not going to change much. We would end up doing the same thing day in and day out.

Yeah, no, definitely need to refine the process, right? So how are things coming along? What are your guys' thoughts? How should we run this call? And I was also considering, should we expand this group to include some of our associate directors as well, right? I think we have Panan, Anish, and Crescent. But even before we do that, we need to have a proper agenda and know what we are tracking towards.

Yeah, so I'm glad you brought it up. So that was my first thought too. I was thinking that for the CAT group, CAT 605 case group, we have a call on Monday where we do our backlog grooming agile ceremonies. Basically, the team comes together, we talk shop, do a look back, make sure everybody's aligned. It's just a change of pace, right? So Mondays is when we do that with the 605-606 group. On Wednesdays, with the wealth management folks, Actimize MFI. We do that on the Wednesday calls itself. So it makes sense that this group here, which covers all of that and then some, meets separately to talk about big picture things. But the question is, what big picture things? Are Kisley and Probokran going to jump around between other projects? What sort of big picture things are we thinking about for this call?

I think this group does handle quite a lot of responsibilities in and outside of their already existing groups. So it makes sense for this group to meet, but I'm wondering, I also had the same exact question that Arjun has. How should we structure it? What's this group's goal overall?

I think in my mind, the accountability for our next level of people—I don't think we are still giving it. That's where we end up having a lot of our issues, right? For example, I would want one person to run with, let's say, shareholder reporting program on their own. I would want Utkarsh to run with Actimize on his own. Similarly, even for CAT, we want Manan to run it on his own, right? With very limited oversight from any one of us. And only when we begin to do that are we going to have bandwidth to actually work towards firm development. And I want you guys to be thinking about how to make that happen based on the relationships and structure we have.