So, Jesus, Rabakar, from Expansion into that common architecture. I would expect you guys to want to play a huge role. And maybe that's where the first component of our common data architecture is usually CAT. And I don't know what the timeline is for getting us towards a hosted solution and SaaS services, but can all of that be turned in conjunction so that we can set that up? Let me actually, because it's going to cover a little bit. Can I share my screen for just a few minutes? Sure. Because I actually drew up a bit of a timeline, hopefully an accurate one, but let me move this. And then I also have some thoughts around level two, at least like common data model, common data source from a source data perspective that we wanted to do. Yeah, Kissley and I got together last week and talked that out. So I put on the repository two primary projects and this is on the repository because it actually has to be actioned into code and we need to save that code. So that's why I'm not using the plan or anything like that. And so I did put together a roadmap. You know, some of it is already done or in progress, like creating AWS account, configuring IAM IDs, selecting the RDS engine, configuring security groups, IAM rules, EC2 instances. These things are already in progress. By the end of this week, I want to have them finalized and documented for reuse, right? So not just have it done once but documented. The next thing that we're picking up is defining that database schema, right? And onboarding standards. So like Kissley said, we want to move everything from file-based to that database. So we need to have a proof of concept and actually detail how that should look, as well as creating the EC2 configuration, deploying the dependencies, and things like that. And the Docker images and all these other things. So these are basically setting up the database on the cloud, setting up the compute system on the cloud, setting up the dependencies. But then once we're probably about two weeks deep from today, right? So this is ending maybe the first week of March. We have everything set up and documented. You know, by the end of this month, going into the middle of March, we actually want to start that migration with CAT. And there are several steps. We have to migrate the containers, right? So we use things like Docker and config files for the dependencies. So we had to migrate all of those things over. We have to actually deploy that backend. So not just set up the backing, we actually have to deploy it and have it working on the backend. Have it connect to other applications within AWS because that's actually not so simple. So the EC2 speaks to the RDS, speaks to the S3, right? They have to have the appropriate permissions to speak to one another. So that's why you see each city is right. So there's actually that migration process.