Hello? Hey, Daljit. Happy New Year. Okay, let me share my screen. Happy New Year, everyone. As you know, I think we spoke yesterday a little bit as well. Maybe we can just go through each and every kind of item that we have on our side. Let me start off at 605/606. We did the validations on our side with each has, I think, pretty much completed with them. We also sent yesterday the sign-off message to FIS as well, indicating that they can move stuff out into production for the latest system replacements and linkages that they put out as of this Saturday. We also need to start confirming the availability of NASDAQ, and we have a call today at 11 AM EST to go over that. I'll attend that and make sure that FIS is also aligned as per the expectations that we have on our side, along with any back processing that they would handle. This is an ad hoc call that's been put in place right now. Sergio had reached out regarding the cadence for the weekly call. I'm going to bring it up in the 11 AM call that we have. The plan is to continue meeting at least two days a week until everything is stable, maybe until at least the first month and the first report of 605 coming out, so that we know everything is working as expected and the other team also has no issues on their side. After that, I think we can make it once a week where we have a consolidated call to go over any CAT issues as well as any 605/606 issues. We have some targets later in the year. Towards August, there's going to be changes to 605 reporting which were pushed out. Those are going to be coming in. There might be some CAT schema changes, pack changes, and whatnot, which will take place as part of BAU. The plan is to move that call to one day a week. This one is just an ad hoc call. We're going to ask them to put in the cadence of two days a week. We are here to get confirmation from them on whether NASDAQ alert is enabled. Do you know if NASTEC is moved to production? They are alert. I believe that should be enabled in production as well with only that one alert being in scope. Let's close on any open items. Please give me an update after that as well.