Yeah, can you bring me that transaction ID for the form ID chair checking? Let's check the PTC order table now. That's right, and for a particular business day, if it was loaded. Hello? Hey Kesla. Yeah, just continuing that. Hopefully the next thing you can share in like 30 minutes. Let's take the transactionary and search in the BDC for the business day if it was there, like on the ninth, right? So that's what I want to do next, but if you just ping me, I can run it in parallel if you're into something else. Yeah, I can give you that in Thailand. I want to just get the correction file. Once, once a minute, I just need back a message. Yeah, so I just want to get the correction file from FIS that they submitted out in the Broad Mirror environment. Okay. We have data. At least the data system was from the ninth as well of February, so it's in line with the data loads that we currently have. Let's see what happens to the versioning over here. Just so that we want to confirm that, right? In terms of an audit between the original submission versus the correction, is it the same tracking ID that gets generated? That's one check that we should have. So this is UAT or Broad? Broad, is it? This is Guati. This is UAT. This is Broad data but in UAT. So we need to rerun the summary store program to pick it up. We need to do that, right, for the same business date. The business date over here is going to be today, yeah, right? Your voice is breaking. Mona is breaking still, but we run today's business date at least. If it came today, it should load and show it. Same transaction. Exactly, exactly. It'll be for today's business date because the business date is going to be dictated based off the file pattern that FIS currently includes the records in, right? Correct. So it will be data pertaining to the ninth, but it will be of like a current business date. And that's good because in current business date, at least in UAT, you'll have only those two catholics. Yeah, if you search for the transaction, you should see probably multiple tracking IDs there. If you have the transaction ID, just search for that. I'd love to get the transactional ID, but we haven't even loaded it in yet. I haven't even gotten the records from FISU. Okay, okay, okay. Let me get that. Let Ops pull the records from FIS. FIS is confirming the location. Let them just pull it out, and then we can see how the version changes, how the actual correction record that FIS creates looks like. Yeah, makes sense. I think Daljit's joining as well. Yeah, I'm here, yeah. Okay, at least from what I know from what was discussed yesterday, I think Daljit and the team took you through what's currently in progress, what's the plan for this week, and then what's the plan for next week.