Gabriel: Hey, hello. Good morning. Good evening. I was just about to start, and I realized Swagatika is in there. Yeah, that's all. I just paid for 2 minutes to figure out how to join, otherwise we'll start. I can take her through it some other time. Okay, so the intent of today's call is to take you all through our performance evaluation system, right? So the first type of performance evaluation for us would be goal setting. We intend to complete goal setting by the end of next week. Once the goal setting process is done, then throughout the year, we'll have frequent check-ins with both the mentors and the project leads. This process will eventually lead to performance evaluation at the end of the year. Two more things which we will cover: a broader promotion policy, and one of the outcomes or branches of the performance evaluation system is a PIP process, which is performance improvement plan. For people who aren't performing up to expectations or the goals that we have set and the timelines that we have set, we'll also look briefly at how to put people on PIP, what would be the timeline, and what would be the outcome of the PIP process. Has anyone been on a recent call with Swagatika? Is she online? She's out on leave. She's out today? Okay, good. Then we'll start the content. Give me a second. Okay, I've shared this call first with the directors and not with everyone because you guys are mentors. You guys play an important part in the performance evaluation process. It is very important for you to understand the process. If you have any queries or suggestions, we would be more than happy to hear them right now. Next week, Monday is when I take all the employees through this. Once I've done that, employees will come to you to set their goals. Hence, you should be aware of what are the projects that we have in the system and what are the goals that employees should set. It becomes more important for you to understand this process thoroughly before we kick it off for the entire population. First of all, what we are calling this is the People Development and Performance Process, because as mentors and as part of the success circle, we are not only focusing on performance goals, we are also focusing on development goals, right? As we already mentioned in the success circle piece, when I say development goals, it is basically to help employees grow. Make sure that people are doing multiple things. Hence, the outcome of this entire process should be twofold: one, setting performance goals for everyone; two, setting development goals for everyone.