So my question here is about the files in the shed. Let me open this up. Susie shared me these files with all these header errors and these records. They totalled 42 errors, but I'm assuming there are a piece of O and O UR, right? And then from this order ref number, when I'm seeing the cat records, I'm not seeing any cat record. No, because on the 6th, I know the Raptor cat piles on boarding, and I think the next piles on boarding was messed up. So the API call that we did to onboard those files had an issue and that had to be redone. So that's what we ran. All of the initial files, I think, are present in the wrong zone. Now, what needs to be done is there is a task that needs to be run on Snowflake, basically, to get those gas packers into the amino table so that you can pick them up on your side. And let the inches also, don't curate the tables, I think, but because. So what I can do right now, Jason, I can give you five with those records that can be utilised. Because I see this stroke, it generally takes a good amount of time. Yeah, but I did see that issue. I saw that issue yesterday on my head as well when I was trying to look at a few records. And I was able to check in for the logs. But you know why this issue happened recently, essentially like last Friday? Oh. I think, yeah, because ME Awards were not created, right? No, new ones were created by them. They created the ME ones. We will not be creating any. Yeah, so they and we should have created an MEOA. But then I, we probably created MENO. Yeah, and we created it because, yeah, why? This cult account IDCLSR, whatever that was, I think that was missing from, you know, our records and FIs. Yeah. Yeah, and then I first did process or whatever, but the initial reason it happened is there was an onboarding issue in the reference file. Um, that onboarding issue on the reference, well, now, whenever that happens, there is behaviour to essentially grab a prior reference file. That prior reference file is grabbed from not the day before right now. I think it grabbed from I don't know what the behaviour is in terms of where it's grabbed from, but it essentially picked the reference file from a date where this CLRSD and CLRSD and even the ECDI, those records were not present from the reference while they did used to do the match on Friday. And since those were not there, those MENO records would have actually been converted to anyway, but they weren't. Whenever we have any way records not being created, and it's a MENO record that was reported, it's mostly going to be some kind of difference by issue. Either we don't have that customer in our reference file. Um, all the customer was in the different size, but the matching or the way the matching happened with the reference.