Good morning. Morning. Okay, going on, sir. I just finished my class as well. I finished one class, and there was supposed to be one more, which is cancelled today, fortunately. So that's good. Okay, let me share that screen. Based on what I know, this design—we have to recreate some of these epics and all. So that's why I just wanted your guys' view as well. That means a shadow screen. I'm just trying to read when—yeah, I can see your change is one main thing. So we have this CCD meeting today at around 11. Okay. Um, so another one. Five hours. Okay. Post that, I will do the daily pieces also that we have, right? So there are some releases that she will coordinate with JDS. Okay. And then you have, I think, some of the bug fixes and stuff that we want to put out, right? So I'll sync up with you when I'm doing that release so that we can do it together. Yeah, yeah. Is it possible that I make a small change in that product, which you can deploy? Okay, that's good. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Especially this one. The pending one in validation, right? I just wanted to put it now so that I put it in master after that so that—no, we can. Yeah, no, 100%. Yeah, 100%, that makes sense. Great, thanks, yeah. Okay, 11 o'clock we'll connect, right? So that makes sense. 11 o'clock, maybe like 11:30. It's fine, yeah. Okay, so another two hours. But sorry, go on, bro. Okay, no, nothing nice. So 12nd. Good tables. So let me just go in order, right? Like, you know, the way—maybe I'll just put these peaks. I know, do we need to wait for Jesus? Meanwhile, I'll just complete this typing down. Yeah, you can compete. Type me down. Let me ask you, piece three, no problem. Yeah, yeah. Okay, got it. Okay, maybe I'll just start. Let him join. I can summarise again to him. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I think we can go. So I think I just started a bit on this and then—so the idea is we have some missions view that has the vertical linkage of PTC to carry to error, right? Um, the idea of scenario is it's going to have an array of all the transactions which are horizontally linked and anthropologically sorted. Which means it's like this. So what I'll end up doing, I'll have a table in Snowflake, scenarios table, catch scenarios, that will have some of the key fields, something like root ID and the overall status for the root ID. When I say root ID, it is horizontally connected the whole lifecycle, right? So that points to the whole events together and the whole status of that event lifecycle itself, and all the event lifecycles in sorted order in the submissions. So that's what would be—this is a JSON array of JSON, okay? So whatever you see here, the JSON will have all the transactions. Unless we know all these transactions are different in shapes, like each of them have different sets of attributes.