Hey folks, sorry. Thanks for reminding me, he said. The call was not stopping. Hey, hey brother. Kisler will be back in 10 minutes. Okay, sure, sure. Yeah, we're working on ticket 67. I have already done some testing. Yeah, they have accepted it. I did some testing also with Kids Leo on my side. Okay, so basically I was trying to insert demo data. We took an original tracking ID and then we saw a correction like original correction and made some changes to the reg reportable equal to wire. And then it was reflected in the ocean. So version one was reflecting the original one, version 2 was having the corrections. Then there was also a 3rd version if you're trying to re-enter the data. So I think I did the testing on my parcel as well. Nice, cool. Yeah, so the Python - I was thinking there's so many things. The BR prompt you shared with me, which I think Daljit gave you, when I ran it, it was giving so many things. I think you wanted to fix the top two, which is important for now to get it done. I think there were a few more. So I was thinking in that angle, well, we can do that eventually. But I think since it's working, we should put it in Stash in a Bitbucket. So you showed me that if you're running the final PR thing, you can just check your whole code through that. I think it was actually recommending tens of changes and I tried to change it, but then my original code got affected. That's what happened. So I ran the Python code now with that PR and then I fixed a lot of things. I just wanted to - it was running base thing, but you know, I was not sure how tested extensively, right? It just ran and just picked up some data and populated something, but that's why it was not true. So, but I think since so many changes are not needed, right? Like, it's the best practice that we can follow. But it was not mandatory. Only those 2 fixes were mandatory. Did Daljit want to fix all of them or you wanted only those two? I think only two, right? No one. He showed me these are the changes that I recommended. Okay. But then he said that these 2 fixes are the ones that will impact more. The rest you can go through it and choose. So I think I chose not to fix them. Makes sense because they were not that important. Okay, makes sense. Okay, so we should take that too broad. Then we should go and look at the next one. We can catch up on that if you want to fix the rest of them and how to be tested. We can do that also when it's fine. We can catch up with this call also. Okay, keep it up. Yeah, anything else? Yeah, the rest I think Mamta is working on the 69 ticket. Okay. Yeah, but not then I have - oh, okay. Okay, don't. But I already raised a PR through my branch, right? 67. You need to create a new branch, right? I need to pay it on your grounds. I was talking about your branch 2067. You were working on it. Oh, but I already - okay? So I'll check this code. Yeah, it's totally about...