Hey Kislay, hey bro. So I saw you were in some car or something with a red status showing. Yeah, there is some booking, but I finished that call. It was more on the internal Jeffrey or Leggett side. Great, okay. Yeah, I mean I just wanted to discuss mainly the notebook and the features on that, but before that, anything on the incident that happened? Nothing much. Yeah, so I'll tell you. Taljeet reached out and he said that me and Daljeet and Rono were calling about some other stuff because there were a few other things going on. Okay. And he's like, oh, Dave Prabhakar will tell you what happened and stuff like that. He said some big thing happened and we need to do something about it. Network security reached out and he just gave me some high level information on his side, but he was preoccupied with many different things. I could tell based on his voice that he was scattering his thoughts. Okay, so he's the one who gave me that initial insight and that's when I reached out to you as well to understand what happened. I don't want to trouble you with this whole thing and nonsense until things are clear to me as well. I brought you in from the first place and I was ready to give whatever information was needed anyway. You can't do much and talk on my behalf without me showing you any of the systems and stuff. I couldn't pull you in actually. Yeah, anyway, you probably have a lot of other troubles and I don't want to add this to your bucket again. No, that's fine, but ultimately someone or the other will ask me or reach out. So anyway, I think you had a call with Harsha, Arjun, and Aditya and whoever else, right? I didn't have... I'm not sure, but only Daljit and... I know Harsh... was Harjun also there? I said Arjun and Daljit, yeah. Okay. How was that? What did they say? They were just probably asking you what you did and stuff, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I walked through the whole thing actually. I wanted to show the whole thing to them. You know, if I hadn't pushed, it's not a problem at all. This is a very standard thing. There is open source code you pull into the firm and you use it always, right? But I think now we have to be really careful and restrictive about pulling anything in as well because of this. Especially with Claude, right? Because I'm sure you also heard horror stories. Ideally, I don't think this is your issue so much as how is something like this in the firm itself allowed? How is network security even allowing stuff to be pushed outside in the form of... which I understand now, you know? No, if you...